i don't know if this app is as good as it advertised to be but i do know that it makes me feel good_ thanks to the app and training developers.
better with no ads
was a solid 4 stars before introduction of the ads. the ad loading for each stage of the workout frequently messes up the timer for that workout, and i just had an intrusive video ad pop up at the end of the workout. that makes it an uninstall for me.
a small variety of 7 minute workouts, with lots of small features such as the ability to set reminders, change the amount of circuits, time in between exercises, etc. ads are annoying, but you can pay 2 dollars to remove them, and devs have to pay the bills somehow.
great app with an easy interface. i use it most mornings. the only problem i have is that sometimes an annoying audio ad plays at the end of the workout. i'm fine with the usual display ads _i know the devs need to make money_ but video ads are too disruptive.
i like the offered routines, and that one of them can be unlocked though an exercise streak. _ that being said, i think the design is greedy and predatory. every single page includes an ad or a pay to click option. ads after finishing a workout. i think it borders on being disruptive. i'd recommend looking at other apps as well as this one. i don't think i could convince myself to pay for this.
good work outs but too many ad s
i've just unlocked the butt workout 2 days ago with watching ad, but today it became locked again and i must watch the ad again.
reminds me to exercise and great to do in ad breaks. wish there was more variety but still a great app.
the ads. a challenge mode would be fun too_
loving this app so far. i was worried when i saw i had to unlock other workouts but all you have to do is watch a quick ad or reach certain goals. it's a timer that includes quick breaks, but you can pause if needed. i'm loving this so far_ keep up the great work _
i used to use another 7 minute workout app, but this one is much nicer. i may upgrade to the pro version to avoid the ads.
very detailed workouts, little to non of ads and very benificial
with limited advertising
the app itself is nice and workouts great but all of that is overshadoowed by in_your_face annoying ads. i would rather pay for this app than the crap of dealing with full screen ads in pretty much every click and interaction. the ads system also creates an images folder and fills it with cache of ads. yeah, screw that.
good app, but some ads. i hope next update is better
great functionality, reasonable ads
this is the best 7 minute workout ap i have used. it would be improved if ads were removed. there are other monetization methods that don't intrude on the user's experience. if the dev takes a less lazy approach to monetization i will rate 5 stars.
i feel definitely more in shape now and it's also easy to maintain every day because it's just a few minutes. even if you're busy or lazy it's possible to plan this in your day. i have one big complaint however, that's why i don't give five stars. to remove ads you need to subscribe on the app. it's really ridiculous because the app doesn't have a subscription value. just give me a purchase option and i'll buy it. there are thousands of apps like this, it's not worth a subscription.
ads between repetitions
too many adds. isn't really and app. it's just an calendar reminder and has very little information regarding what exercises and what advice's you should follow. it is focused on unlocking reminders for a day or seven days by watching an ad video. and shows a quick glimpse at a graph image of an exercise. very poor use and design and over all a waste of time and space. don't even bother.
if you do the workout you will get the benefits. as you get better you can do more rounds or increase the intensity of your rounds. pretty str8 4wrd, one thing i do instead of the pushing rotation i do pullups or instead of the trichair dips i do reg dips. be creative _hopefully they can make an upgrade that allows you to swap workout_ i love the fact that you can unlock the other workouts if you don't want to buy them. unf now there's ads now but i don't mind.
lots of adverts but good quick workout
nice app,  but hate the ads
ads are annoying but the app is flawless
but i think you should remove the ads
now i have a routine to follow daily. thanks a lot. well, its better without annoying ads, but guess its normal for free apps like this, good job by the way.
the concept is great but there are only 3 workouts to choose from.  my goal is to do it everyday, since it's less than 10 minutes.  however the routines get boring.  i think it needs at least 20 routines to keep people interested.  i'm even willing to pay or watch ads for more workout routines.  sometimes i do change up some the the exercises myself.
what more could you want_ works well, ads are obnoxious but not overly so. the workouts are killer for weak people like me_
not full of ads and a good app.
perfect, i can now pay to remove the ads after the update. thanks for the prompt fix.
guys the app is great. super easy to use and is the perfect intensity for novice and pros. however,as advertised,people use it to lose weight and that comes with calories and carbs count. can you gestimate how much kcal i would use for the seven minutes_ that would give you 5 stars no doubt i am not the only one _
a little buggy...countdown before an exercise went a little wonky but didn't affect exercise. button in settings to remove ads doesn't work. this is my new go_to app for the 7 min_
the app is great overall but the _remove ads banner_ option in settings is not doing anything for me. running marshmallow.
wish there was not no ads
like having a personal trainer. does all the timing for you, no need to watch the clock. also has an inbuilt conscience _ reminds you each day and tells you how many days since last workout. only thing i don't like is the ads, even when you pay to unlock workouts_
nice app love that they can take ad revenues instead of paying for some workouts. however i think they should have animations to show how to do the exercises bit not necessary
amazingly exhausting 7 mins of panting. tried to turn off ads and the  program wouldn't respond.
i've tried several 7 minute workout apps but this is by far the best. it has great customization for time between exercises, number of circuits, and even sends a reminder if you choose. i love that they integrate ad revenue through the unlocking for abs and butt workouts. gladly worth watching an ad for this app_
nice little app. simple as it should. thanks you for adding google fit integration. now its even better. you guys nailed the material design. this app won a definitive spot on my phone and it's not an easy task. i love that you can play music and it doesn't silence it when speaking the countdown and instructions. also i think those ads don't come in the way too much so this is nice.
good app and the ads at the end of each session are the least annoying of any free app
i love this app_ we all have at least 7 min to workout.... and this one works out every muscle in 7 minutes. i've done it twice so far and am super sore. this app works great with my phone. an ad will automatically open at the end of every workout, but since it's at the end it's no problem_
what a piece of junk, only text to speech voice instructions, so called video takes you to a youtube search, seriously_ i'm supposed to search youtube in the middle of a high intensity 7 minute workout_ and ads up the wazoo, 0 stars if i could
app does what it advertises.  easy to use and a nice quick workout that hits the major body areas.
same workout i saw on webmd and have found a great morning warm_up  before swimming or biking _ i'm a low impact guy these days. the voice and her countdown make this program fun and done in 7 mins. _ as advertised_
don't like that it plays a video ad automatically after workout.  otherwise, seems pretty good.
the  simplicity of this app helps me kick of my lethargy and already put in those seven minutes. and no unnecessary permissions asked. no crappy ads. will buy pro.
nice clean design, works well, ads not invasive. calendar is a nice addition, google fit support is pretty cool.
the workout is fun and easy, i like the fact that i can change the workout settings to make it harder or easier, and there's no ads or notifications that bother you.  you can also set workout reminders on days of the week witch is great.
good app, but 1 star until video ads at the end of the workout are removed. autoplaying video ads are bs and you shouldn't use them if you care about your customers.
the ads included in the free version are the scam ads that claim your phone has three viruses. i will not support any app that advertises using fraud. companies that choose to put ads in their apps need to consider what kind of ads they are going to be showing. if you associate with scammers and fraudsters i am going to assume you are likewise and who knows what kind of mischief your app is causing.
the ads included in the free version are the scam ads that claim your phone has three viruses. i will not support any app that advertises using fraud. companies that choose to put ads in their apps need to consider what kind of ads they are going to be showing. if you associate with scammers and fraudsters i am going to assume you are likewise and who knows what kind of mischief your app is causing.
not full free, ads in free version, no lollipop support. the rest of it is good_
i really like this app because it works well with my schedule it just has too many ads
works fine, but the amount of ads is ridiculous. when finishing a workout, instead of statistics and motivation i was presented a full screen ad. that was not nice_ you could've at least shown me since stats first and then shown the ad. i like the fact that it integrates with fit, although i never got to test it.
i loved the first work out, even paid for the no ad subscription, then when to do the workout the next day and realized it is the exact same work out everyday. i guess i was looking for a lot more variety.
there are other 7 minute free apps without ads.
does what it should minus the side plank at the end should be split 15 seconds for left and right side each, but i suppose the tougher the better with 30 seconds each_ would rate higher but the updates include new ad placements. ads appear during, after, and exiting the workout. feels excessive to me though i understand the need to monetize, had no issue with prior versions. for that reason recommend trying the seven app, the app i have moved over to.
4 stars instead of 5 only because of the pop up advertisements.  besides that_ i like how it logs your workouts. , and how it reminds you to do it. simple to use.
can not buy it once and get rid of advertisements for that a yearly subscription must be paid with a credit card. also the advertising makes it lose sink with the voice and count.
you can turn off adverts but it's like _1_ per year that seems a bit over kill, would happily pay a bit more just to get rid of them forever.  otherwise seems to be really good app, does the job although it'd be nice to customise things a bit, like the order or swap in a few different activities otherwise i might as well just learn a set of exercises to do and set an alarm to do them every day.
ad popup everywhere after installing
i'd rather buy the premium version than having to install free version but full of ads.
no ads, no heavy ram usage as against other available apps. i wish that widget size should be small say 1_1. one thing is missing browser history  cleanup.
and now mobile and tablet. surprised to see other reviews going on about ads etc. i've never had any and it is up to date. i can't rate this app any higher. it is awesome and the standard default settings seems spot on. it does exactly what it says it does. keep up the good work
i love it_ i have avast on my laptop n i didn't to think it twice before getting it for my phone_ it cleans my cellphone fast n has not frozen like other products. plus it has not ads.
at last, an app that does its job without burying me in annoying ads and games. thank you_
good app, hate the ads. maybe make it adfree for avast premium customers_
i don't like the update. it is now full of intrusive adverts_spam bloat_ware. wish i could revert back to the older version.
does exactly as advertised and with low overhead.  solid program, no issues found.
previously i was using 360 but it was showing too much ads on the lockscreen .
app would get 5 if not infested with ads.
i would like to give 5 stars but too much advertisement.
i was using other cleaned but the avast one is very light to the mobile and works perfectly without advertisements.
android power saver _task killer_ and cleaner in_built features_ 1_ system settings  _ about phone_build number _tap seven times_back_developer options _scroll down_don_t keep activities _tick_background process limit_no background processes _tick_durable until you turn the phone power off_. 2._ system settings_storage_cached data _tap_clear cache data _from time to time repeat this step_ _these features do exactly what this crap claim to perform without using the internet all day long _draining your battery_, without stealing your private information, and without putting up with those annoying and intrusive ads.
great app. works as advertised.
free, and works well. the ads are a pain though
using this, battery saver, and anti virus, simple and no ad bombardment
if you want a solid app that does exactly what you want with almost no ads from a reputable company this and all of the avast line is the absolute pick. there are some down sides but i can't think of any_
app lives up to the level of quality you'd expect from the 'avast brand'  the app does exactly what it claims it will do _ doesn't constantly bombard you with ads or hard selling like other free apps. i use avast for my security needs across all my devices _ have done for years. wouldnt use anything else, would recommend avast everytime_
does it's job, no annoying pop up ads or notifications _yet_, only takes up 13 mb
when the scan is done , it display s ads
nothing but ads. sucks
works without any problems and does what it promises. only downside are the ads.
only clean up program that does not overload you with ads. last screen is annoying however.
with minimal annoying ads.
works as advertised.  great
finally a cleaner with not ads...
works well and as advertised.   does all it says it will do.  good product.
great app no ads its free nothing bad so far
works as advertised and helps me maintain my phone.
a bit annoying for its frequency and alway advertising to clean more at a cost. apart from that worth installing
does it's job, no annoying ads or notifications, only takes up 13 mb
works as advertised and i'm pleased with the results.
would be 5 starts, however, the ads every time i use it is such an annoying pain... i otherwise love the app.
great app.. i like that it's automatic but yet allows me to choose any file i don't want cleaned to be excluded. if it didn't have all the annoying ads i'd give it 5 stars.
used to be good but then avast added the ever crappy adverts for the rest of their lame products every time you use it. make freeware free but don't build in pesterware and then try pretending it's free. updated as requested_ after running the first safe clean the program automatically redirects the user away from the cleanup homescreen to a pester ware screen offering stuff i have no interest in, currently including but not limited to, avast wifi finder, control your battery life _which halved it on my phone when tried_ and that classic game ninjump _nin_what_ and it does this every time cleanup is used. this 'feature, never used to be part of the clean up software and it completely spoils the user experience so i've stopped using it altogether.
used to be good but then avast added the ever crappy adverts for the rest of their lame products every time you use it. make freeware free but don't build in pesterware and then try pretending it's free.
i subscribe monthly to the premium version of avast. why would this app have ads since i'm subscribed_ otherwise, it does a good job of keeping my phone cleaned up.
the ads are minimal.
works as advertised
brilliant app and does what it says with no ads. 5 stars
easy to use and it doesn't bother you constantly with useless ads like some other cleanup apps.
cleaned 600 mbs of junk files from my system_ easy to use and pleasant user interface. unobtrusive ads and totally free_
not for slow phones.  not many ads.  does what it says.  takes alot of energy when u use it because of the flashy graphics...
works just as advertised. use it daily and see the results.
after running cleanup it splashes the screen with ads....i wouldn't be surprised if they're now selling my data
was perfect before an update that includes ads. even with mobile data and wi_fi disabled, the ads are still present. with other apps, as long as there is no internet connection, you can avoid ads. not so with this app. uninstalling now. i have had enough.
good app so far but only ad it a day time will tell _
ok so there ads what u expect 4 free. the ads pay 4 the app so you don't have too. get past those this app does exactly what it suppose too do. keeps ya junk off ya phone even found files been stored in areas i wasn't aware of plus love the whirlpool delete effect. cheers avast. use it on rig as well never let me down in 8 years. better than norton and kapaskersky any day of week.
is good, but the cleaning process seems a bit too slow. and this is underlined by the lack of an animated progress bar_count. on the other hand, the ad scarcity must be appreciated.
it's good but don't like the ads that keep popping up
non_intrusive ads. good. don't be like cm and fall into the ad trap though...
works as advertised.   this app works better than other apps.  i noticed a difference in performance.  i also use avast anti virus.   that app works great too.  thanka avast for making great free apps
does the job and it's free without a lot of ads.
this is a great app, apart from all the adverts, if i wanted adds i'd watch tv all day long.
it's so nice not being bombarded with ads. avast makes good productive tools. simple and clean.
popped up full page ads for apps that are not their own apps. i'd pay a few bucks for it because it's truly worth it and i'm sure other people will too. so far it safely cleans my phone. they know their stuff just wish it were a paid app.
nothing but ads. sucks
just like the title said. this app was great and did much and then it got corrupted by the ads showing up. i have been a long paying customer to avast and you would think that they would have at least given the option to have the ads removed those of us who support them with our dollars. the ads are annoying and unnecessary. so much for cleaning garbage off your android.
will happily pay for ad free. great cleaner and works perfectly, its just the adverts ruin its appeal sorry.
will happily pay for ad free. great cleaner and works perfectly, its just the adverts ruin its appeal sorry.
defiantly best one i've used. and i have experimented with a few. nice and easy without the gross amount of ads.
works as advertised. minus 1 _ for adding ads with no warning.
works as advertised. minus 1 _ for adding ads with no warning.
i'd like to be able to login to my account for all avast apps. since i paid for the service, i shouldn't have ads or games want to  download.
lets me know if there is anything wrong.  so easy to run a scan. the only thing that i don't like about it is the ads. other than that it's awesome_
avast is a reliable brand i uninstalled all the rest.  only limit the ads if they must be present
i have internal memory issues. i keep getting full due to cache and other files that are creates during the operation of my phone. avast goes into the nooks and finds all the junk and quickly gets rids of 'em. i must say, if you have problems with your internal memory avast is the way to go. i would not recommend clean master as it it just too cluttered and there are many dialogs and advertising involved in the app. this is much more and far better in the gui. do give it a try.
please remove the ads. i appreciate that we can freely use the app but adverts pissed me off. im willing to pay to remove ads. you have two choices, make it as ad_free app or paid app. thanks.
please remove the ads. i appreciate that we can freely use the app but adverts pissed me off. im willing to pay to remove ads. you have two choices, make it as ad_free app or paid app. thanks.
like all other free apps. on google play, ads, ads, ads. i know you ad them to help keep your app. free of charge. do the ads. pop up on your paid version as well_. also have had other cleaning apps. that provide a torch light and cleaned leftover junk from deleted apps. you should ad these features to yours, and i'll bet that your have a lot more satisfied customers. thank you.
works better than ever. i look forward to the paid version you wrote that you were considering.             update_                                              stopped working with 6.01 marshmallow_nexus 6p_ wrote them several times and no answer_ guess it is time to move on. used the antivirus, etc. over several phones,  update_ newest version seems to have solved all the problems i was having_ working again,developer responded to my e_mail...now about those ads...
i've been using avast products for years and i would gladly pay a small fee for this app. but having avast sell my data to ad companies makes me seriously uncomfortable and concerned. you're supposed to offer security and protection, not make me more vulnerable and exposed to third parties.
wish it would also do ram cleaning. also would like it without ad's. if you have premium avast mobile security should disable all ad's., that is why people pay dont want ad's.
like all other free apps. on google play, ads, ads, ads. i know you ad them to help keep your app. free of charge. do the ads. pop up on your paid version as well_. also have had other cleaning apps. that provide a torch light and cleaned leftover junk from deleted apps. you should ad these features to yours, and i'll bet that your have a lot more satisfied customers. thank you.
umm, are people biased_ there is no pop_up ads on the screen. there is barely an ad and you see it when you cleqn something. i think people are just getting out of hand. but anyways, nice cleaner.
i pay yearly for my avast antivirus security and those ads at the end of a clean are not cool. i would have given five star if or weren't for the ads.
only four stars because it shows an advertisement. i really hate that.
everytime i do a clean up, at least twice i have to decline ads.
so far so good, only thing is too many advertising.
i get an ad before, an ad during, i gotta clear the app ad before i turn off the screen... here an ad, there an ad, everywhere an ad ad. yawn_
takes a bit to run but other than that it's a fine cleaner. haven't used advanced cleaning bc i'm not willing to erase my data but the main function works well. i put it in my toolbox app on my homepage _s5_ so i can access it from any page when lag occurs. usually gets around 300mb of crap. and i don't mind the ads, they keep you running_ thanks, avast_
i was hoping for a superior uninstaller, but this failed to please. it doesn't even remove residual files left from uninstalling an app. for example i used this app to uninstall maxthon browser. it literally left everything there. it is essentially worthless as far as i'm concerned. plus ads, why not offer a pro ad free version_
in reply to your reply, except ads, yes i am satisfied with it together with your security. will increase stars for your good reply snd willingness to suit to customer taste unlike 360. star increase after your next reply to ensure i know when u receive my feedback
yes, you want to give free fine. why not give an option for users who hate ads to pay to remove em. i was from 360. too much ad and no option to remove em. i left. no more chance for them. i thought avast is different... but apparently not. don't force your ideas on users. give them options... and people will appreciate it. 360 forces their ideas on users, no options. left....
too many people whining about the ad_ it goes away when u hit your back button. avast, i consider the ad to be as un_annoying as any i have ever been subjected to and i appreciate that you need funds to advance the app. i think many people have been  over sensitized by the volume of ads on adult sites that they react very strongly to tastefully employed ads on very worthy apps. keep up the good work_ ps i click them sometimes just to support you_
keep your ads. but not with me. i've been a paying customer on my pc with avast for a long time, so i would have liked to have stayed. i will check back from time to time. this is the only thing i can do to make you try and stop this nonsense. uninstall. answer_ yes of course i would be interested in paying for no ads, i pay for avast on my pc and have already stated i would be interested. it stays unistalled till i hear otherwise. thanks for taking the time to read my grievance and your answer. n
ashampoo droid optimizer and power clean are free,  powerfull and free ads
keep your ads. but not with me. i've been a paying customer on my pc with avast for a long time, so i would have liked to have stayed. i will check back from time to time. this is the only thing i can do to make you try and stop this nonsense. uninstalled
recently app has some issues. if you do quick scan_clean, it shows that data was cleaned. however actually nothing happens. if you press back _above adverts_ and refresh scan, app will show exactly same amount of _trash_. same with a widget. using latest android on nexus 5.
i originally left a 3 star review because of the annoying info popup, which i wrongly assumed was now part of the app, but i am changing it to 4 stars after the developer replied very quickly, pointing out that this only shows once. i like this app a lot, and although i don't like adverts, i also completely understand that for a _free_ app to be viable, it must be supported by adverts. my only complaint then, is that some of the ads are for gambling sites, and i have a personal issue with the nature of those. other than that, useful little app, but it would be nice if there was a paid standalone version of the app that showed no adverts at all..
i originally left a 3 star review because of the annoying info popup, which i wrongly assumed was now part of the app, but i am changing it to 4 stars after the developer replied very quickly, pointing out that this only shows once. i like this app a lot, and although i don't like adverts, i also completely understand that for a _free_ app to be viable, it must be supported by adverts. my only complaint then, is that some of the ads are for gambling sites, and i have a personal issue with the nature of those. other than that, useful little app, but it would be nice if there was a paid standalone version of the app that showed no adverts at all..
why are there now game app adverts after the update_ somewhat contradictory don't you think_
the _non_ad_ pop_up ads after the cleaning cycle are a bit out of hand. now there's an ad even before you use the app. not too cool with it, considering other options. otherwise a good app.
i think it's useful.. and i don't mind the advertising as you do need to get something out of it yourselves.. but am less pleased now there is a precheck advert for the _cloud_ thing. cleaning the safe cache options is quite easy to do manually, just that this app makes it convenient, and does the reminder, which is nice.. once an app begins to get pushy with the advertising though, i tend towards removing it completely. hmm...
hangs up after cleaning, just sits there and nothing happens.. not sure if this is normal or not_  should have a pop up that says complete with ok button to close or return to main window..  ads should be optional in any app now days, its kind of silly after seeing every ad bloated app with negative reviews that you wouldn't offer a free ad driven version and premium fee driven.  security apps should especially be conscientious of this, most of us are wanting to avoid vulnerabilities not increase them.
it was brilliant but the adverts are ridiculous now. why bother paying for it if you don't even get ad free..
it was brilliant but the adverts are ridiculous now. why bother paying for it if you don't even get ad free..
that your income from ad's is certainly sustainable....but possibility of misused.....i will do comments later on. please..wait. in the continued comments..........it's good thing for having me to the point of line with distinction in the current issue and more specific information about your computer science with merit ..........
all these new ads popping up are super annoying. i doubt i will do the favor of upping my rating as the app is only getting worse in that regard. like everyone else, i would pay for a premium ad_free version just as i have for all my other apps.
works as advertised with no problems. i didn't notice advertising.
thanks for this avast cleanup. it does the job and as far as the ads....they don't bother me because i am rooted with an app that blocks the ads. they are not going to get rid of the ads so asking and or demanding the developers to get rid of the ads is not the answer_ you have to do it yourself. 5stars, thanks again.
too many ads
i've been using avast products for years and i would gladly pay a small fee for this app. but having avast sell my data to ad companies makes me seriously uncomfortable and concerned. you're supposed to offer security and protection, not make me more vulnerable and exposed to third parties.
i will not update this app bcoz i read comments from users here that this update puts ads and its really feel upset... so no update please.._
i understand you need a decent income to keep your amazing apps up, so i kept a high rating. apart from the ads, this space_clearer works like a charm.
get rid of all the ads
like all the avast apps, they simply work great. but,.. i don't want ads on my device. apex launcher tried ads and people cried against it. apex removed ads. suggest you follow their lead or lose a lot of support. would pay for a removal option. if not corrected soon, i will uninstall entire avast suite and find another app. will rate 5 stars if made ad free again. again, a removal fee would be acceptable. make this app great again.
please remove ads that pops up during clean up. thanks
please remove the ads. i appreciate that we can freely use the app but adverts pissed me off. im willing to pay to remove ads. you have two choices, make it as ad_free app or paid app. thanks.
please remove the ads. i appreciate that we can freely use the app but adverts pissed me off. im willing to pay to remove ads. you have two choices, make it as ad_free app or paid app. thanks.
the ad... please get rid of it
what a shame, i too would pay to have the ads removed. otherwise i guess i will have to look for something else. big disappointment.
i've been using avast products for years and i would gladly pay a small fee for this app. having avast sell my data to ad companies makes me seriously uncomfortable and concerned. you're supposed to offer security and protection, not make me more vulnerable and exposed to third parties.
i will change to 5 stars if you get rid of the adverts every time i safe clean my phone, soooooooo annoying_
it says 535mb to erase. let it run to completion, then ignore the advert, click the rescan button and it says 535mb again. how does it claim the same amount twice_ surely it has cleaned the first amount and must show a different amount the second time_
works as advertised.
is there any option to remove the advertisements_ _
deleted all of my custom ringtones and notification sounds. since there was a screen of advertising at the end of the scan i couldn't see what was being deleted.
recently app has some issues. if you do quick scan_clean, it shows that data was cleaned. however actually nothing happens. if you press back _above adverts_ and refresh scan, app will show exactly same amount of _trash_. same with a widget. using latest android on nexus 5.
a very reliable, fast and ads free app. download it with trust_
the only detractors is the annoying ads. how to get rid of them_
if you never displayed advertisements at the end of every cleanup, this would be a great app. but due to the continuous appearances of unwanted advertisements i cannot give you full 5 stars. i also believe that many more would use your cleanup app if there were no advertisements at all.
so we get to pay for the privilege of ads now, bit of false advertising, the same reason i ditched your desktop paid version popping ads up by default for your other products. it should be opt out by default.
so we get to pay for the privilege of ads now, bit of false advertising, the same reason i ditched your desktop paid version popping ads up by default for your other products. it should be opt out by default.
how do i get rid of ads after i do clean up..i have paid premium very annoying.
i ran this app for the first time, and loved it, at first. the graphic effect while it cleaned was awesome. then after it cleaned, it jumped straight to a full screen ad and locked my phone up completely for 2 minutes. the system buttons did nothing, the lock screen_ power button just turned the screen off, but the ad was still there when pressed again. even the camera didn't work. just as i was getting ready to reset the phone _it would let me do that at least_, the ad vanished. very unhappy with it.
so we get to pay for the privilege of ads now, bit of false advertising, the same reason i ditched your desktop paid version popping ads up by default for your other products. it should be opt out by default.
so we get to pay for the privilege of ads now, bit of false advertising, the same reason i ditched your desktop paid version popping ads up by default for your other products. it should be opt out by default.
this application displays a screen of advertising for other applications or services when it is exited.  determining exactly what the items are that will be deleted_cleaned is very difficult.
paid for the premium version and wish i hadn't.  comodo and cheetah were better but i was tired of ads.  i researched before paying,  obviously not well enough. guess what_ with this premium app, i still see ads,  the features aren't as robust, and my system runs slower with this.
cleans all the cache not like cm and 360. my h better all no ads every time u decide to use the app. security great too_
i like that after cleaning it doesn't flash ads for useless apps. i have their antivirus protection on my pc so i knew it would be just as good on my phone. recommend highly.
works as advertised.
i pay for this app because it's very good at delivering what it promises. although now it appears it also comes with ads i don't want to see in the cleanup area. simple question_ why_
continually advises there is 437.5 mb of data to clean up even directly after it has done the clean up. just hit refresh and the same data can be cleaned up again _ doesn't appear to do anything other than another advertising platform for avast.
first week or 2 was fine then as they say, all freaking hell broken loose, spams, adware, etc, kept popping up, embed into this app itself, dating ads etc, but here's the clincher as they say, as soon as i uninstalled this app, problems gone, my phone running more smoothly, less or no lags, all kinds of other issues, jumping from one app to another when not requested, now all these issues have stopped, go figure_
i decided to do the pay service for avast, and although it was reported to me that there is supposed to be a new version coming, the entire avast suite is nearly a waste.  it isn't intuitive on my note 4 with lollipop at all.  everything has to be manually run, and even though i am paying for it, i still have to suffer the ads.  if the new version isn't any better, i will definitely go back to cm security.  there is only the free version, and you have to suffer the ads, but at least it works intuitively.
avast, you make enough cash. i loved this app but if i don't see the ads go away after each clean _wasn't there till recently_... deleted. not worth the nuissance.
i am amazed the way it worked. no ads, no heavy ram usage as against other available apps. i wish that widget size should be small say 1_1.
the _non_ad_ pop_up ads after the cleaning cycle are getting a bit out of hand. otherwise a good app.
i don't want this app opening internet connections or uploading files. minus two stars for this feature. bloat. also it claims to be cleaning 2 gb of thumbnails but free memory does not increase. i would have forgiven the ads upon cleanup but now since the cloud backup has been introduced, i can see this heading down the slippery slope.
this app works exactly as advertised.  wants me to upgrade for a fee, but what app doesn't.  get it.
dose what it says it dose. ads not cool.
good app. does what claims. i like the fact it is not loaded with annoying ads.
except to much advertising but this is how they earn.
paid for the app and i'm still getting ads_ what gives here_... in response... i paid for another app which this app is bundled into _avast mobile security_. i expected the ads to be removed.
does it's job without crashing ir ads
installed a few days ago.  so far has done a good job.  not a lot of annoying advertisements that i had with other app i replaced.  helping me to avoid 'out of memory'  issues i had before.  only reason for 4 stars is not enough time using for good evaluation.  otherwise would have given 5.
i like that after cleaning it doesn't flash ads for useless apps. i have their antivirus protection on my pc so i knew it would be just as good on my phone.
paid for the app and i'm still getting ads_ what gives here_... in response... i paid for another app which this app is bundled into _avast mobile security_. i expected the ads to be removed.
simple and without all those annoying ads, i switched over to this and liked it so far.
i've used avast for years. used it on my desktop, laptop and now all the smartphones in my home. always been very pleased with the different software that avast offers. the best part is that you can totally get by with the free versions of their products, unlike the competitors. i don't mind the ads because they don't come up until you're through cleaning_ avast has to have a way to pay for them so we can get it for free. i recommend avast to everyone, it's awesome_ _
so now after i clean i have to sort through an ad page_ wow
i've paid for a number of your products. why do i have to put up with the pop up ads for this one. really really irritates me.
ruined by the ads.  otherwise another good product from avast.
i just started using this app and so far it's good compared to many other cleaners. the best part of this cleaner is that it doesn't give notifications and advertisements regularly. its quick and the phone doesn't hang. also have been using the antivirus since a very long time. find it very simple to use and is helpful. thank you avast. would suggest to install it.
works as advertised but can do without the we are scanning your phone animation so that it can reiterate what was displayed from the notification. not once has there been  variance from the notification vs the tiresome graphic. would much prefer just to click it and have it scrub in the background. if the operating system prevents this an option to set conditions like  predetermined time and  file size threshold would be a nice alternative. actually that would be appreciated overall. just a thought.
please stop the unnecessary ads
got it cause i tried absolutely everything to get rid of pop up ads and nothing worked.  doesn't detect them, but a scan and clean gets rid of them.
solid program all the way around, also quick. shame you can't buy it to disable the ads.
thanx guys for the quality apps you make...for free and with unobtrusive ads. it does what it is supposed to, perfectly. _
i like avast,i have the premium antivirus what worth 10 stars,i am using it on my pc_s,i love it,but in this cleanup is too many ads,fiks it,then i give 5 stars
i do like this app but i do not like ads.   please consider allowing user to pay a one_time fee to remove ads forever.   i would give 5 stars if it had that option.
recent update has made the ads even more annoying.  ugh.
this app is all fine and dandy, but i can't stand the ads. there are already too many ads already everywhere.
i have used avast is for years on client pc's and mine. i gave this app a try and it does what it says. i read the reviews from other users and would like to say the following_ complaining about advertising for a free app is funny. here are 2 solution for you_ go pay for one or write an app yourself. the company has to make money some how.  this is a system cleaning app, not a security device. before installing an app, read what it is for and don't complain when it doesn't do what it is not designed to do.
looked up the actual a.v. test results, and avast security got great marks in almost every category. please don't let me down. if all goes well, will come back and rate higher. thank you. you've added ads., to your app. your turing into everyone else. what happened to you_, to make you turn_. your ad. free app., and your good a.v. rating is why we selected you.very_, disappointed. maybe we'll have to shop around for a new security app.
only please remove ads from the app.  anything else is great
too many ads and notification
i pay for the premium subscription and everytime the cleaner finishes, it displays an ad that i have to exit from. so tell me why do i pay a premium subscription again_
informs as advertised_ thanks a mill_
after cleaning, there used to be a cool green halo of light, now i just get ads. i understand avast has to get money somewhere, i just wish it didn't take up the entire screen. i'd rather see the ads after the green halo goes away.
after cleaning, there used to be a cool green halo of light, now i just get ads. _
now, even though i have premium, i'm getting ads_  this needs to be fixed.   i loved the contiguous flow between all avast apps, but if i keep getting these undesired ads, i will find another.                                                                 edited sept 4,2015 my apologies, this is one of your free apps_  i pay for the antivirus _ vpn.  as with all avast apps, this one is great.  i have the power to keep my tablet and phone free of nuisance files.  i have adjusted my rating to 5 stars.  _d
the last update ended my use of this app. it added more advertisements. what a waste _
makes it soooo easy to get rid of all the junk on your device_ i only wish it was compatible with my phone too. the latest update did add a few ads on the cleaning review page that i'm not real crazy about_ but hey, if that's what they've gotta do to keep such a great app free, it's totally worth it. i definitely recommend this app_
this seemed a really good app to begin with though now everytime i do a clean up a page of unwanted adverts appears.
the obnoxious product_hawking appears to have toned down several notches. the new post_cleaning tips are o.k. let's see if it stays that way... as far as i'm concerned...no ads, more stars.
and now mobile and tablet. surprised to see other reviews going on about ads etc. i've never had any and it is up to date. i can't rate this app any higher. it is awesome and the standard default settings see spot on. it does exactly what it says it does. keep up the good work
i purchased the full pro version to avoid annoying advertising. this app is riddled with it. at the end of the subscription i certainly wouldn't renew.
it was one of the only booster apps that didn't throw ads at you. when i downloaded the latest update along with it came the advertising.
it was one of the only booster apps that didn't throw ads at you. when i downloaded the latest update along with it came the advertising.
love it..its so simple and gets the job done..no ads etc....xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
deleted due to intrusive, inappropriate advertising. shame.
i find it hard to believe that there apps out there that do what they say they do, but avast has proven itself time and time again_ there are no popup ads, and nothing pesky gets in the way. that isn't the surprising part though, what surprised me is that it actually cleans up old files. there are countless numbers of apps out there that will give a fake number and pretend to clean stuff out, but avast actually shows results_ nothing is more satisfying than running two scans back to back, and watching the second number be lower. it is nice to see developers like avast out there offering free apps, and a paid option to the side _paid option allows for more choices on their other apps, but nothing to outrageous that will force you to have to buy for full protection_. overall this is a great app, and deserves to be recognized as such_ i will say that it does need more dinosaurs though, and thusly, with its lack of prehistoric killers, it shall receive 1 out of 5.
works perfectly and i wish all free apps had ads and_or promos as unobtrusive as avast's. i do wish it had an option to clean sd cards, however.
accidently deleted my last review with a response from avast.  most recent update has new popups upon completion of cleanup. these ads not only ask me to download avast products but other random games, or shop at some website.
now, even though i have premium, i'm getting ads_  this needs to be fixed.   i loved the contiguous flow between all avast apps, but if i keep getting these undesired ads, i will find another. _btw, deleting my previous review was rank._
the new update now keeps having a popup advertising games and other useless programs.
the only real update is in the increase in advertising
it works as advertised.
now it's pretty much turned into a clone of clean master doesn't do any of the functions you want it to but it sure does advertise all of the other apps on you also it seems to tell you things like you have not used your keyboard in over 5 weeks would you like to uninstall it...well no i use my keyboard every day. also it has no settings, no auto clean options, and no customer support.
i am amazed the way it worked. no ads, no heavy ram usage as against other available apps.
i removed that because it's filled with advertisements and suggested products. can we have the basic cleaning stuff we need_ i don't mind paying for that option. some of us just want the basic cleaning stuff with no push products or add ons.
this ad vast clean up seems preety good.
this is perfect. it's easy, simple _ quick. i can safely clean all the junk without wading through rubbish. unlike other cleaners _cleanmaster etc_ it's so much easier, freeing up my time better spent doing something else. to those moaning about ads for other avast stuff remember this is free_ the ads are very unobtrusive anyway _ there's far less than other free cleaners. thanks go to you developers. it's brilliant.
i'm very discriminating about the apps in my phone and i love this one. i would not allow it to take up space if it did not do an amazing job. as far as ads are concerned, there are very few and it's free. i defy anyone to find another one that performs as well at no cost, i'll switch if you do. keep up the good work avast and thanks.
does as advertised. mr clean would make love to this app
easier to use and understand, than another very popular cleaner that i've been using for years. this cleaner also cleans more crap out than my previous one _let's hope it's not deleting good stuff_. as for ads... i haven't noticed any.
hi guys, well done... this is a really cool app. saw the complaints about ads so i went looking and for me they are very neatly done and come across as helpful. not like some aps where your whole screen turns into a horrific ad.
does as advertised. mr clean would make love to this app
using avast for 8 months.  all their products work as advertised.  simple,  clean,  easy to use gui.  great individualized support.  keep up the good work _ thanks for helping me fix my issues.
even with the new update the ui is more user friendly and informative. people complaining about ads are mistaken_ excellent work avast_
looks cool when it runs but what is it actually doing_  seems more like another opportunity to advertise avast products but not much in the way or transparency.  dont get me wrong, i like avast av, but i'm over the annoying notifications that their products keep throwing up now.  perhaps its time to go find an alternative.
performs as advertised. simple to use_
does as advertised without probs.
cleaning with no junk ads.
great application to clean the junk data. simple and easy to use without getting fulfilled with annoying ads. this app does match to be used along with my avast mobile security.
it's light weight and does what it is supposed to. no garbage no distraction and no ads.
i am amazed the way it worked. no ads, no heavy ram usage as against other available apps.
best one i have tried, works well and no adverts so far, can also adjust settings
false advertising in my opinion because it states that it only deletes apps that are no longer being used butwhen it deleted some of my songs and apps that i was using and listening to. luckily i had them backed up so its not as big of a deal as it could have been but still very annoying. if you want to know how much space a app is taking up just look in your phone_tablets settings and you can decide if you wanna delete it. dont get why this app is rated so high but i do like how they respond back to review
false advertising in my opinion because it states that it only deletes apps that are no longer being used butwhen it deleted some of my songs and apps that i was using and listening to. luckily i had them backed up so its not as big of a deal as it could have been but still very annoying. if you want to know how much space a app is taking up just look in your phone_tablets settings and you can decide if you wanna delete it. dont get why this app is rated so high but i do like how they respond back to reviews, shows they take pride in there product. to bad its not what it states in the app info
done the trick had annoying ad pop ups n removed it
does as advertised. mr clean would make love to this app
simple but thorough. doesn't take up much space. not inundated with advertising. recommended.
the most user friendly app that frees your phone from junks. no adverts at all. the interface is very straightforward.
no junk advertisement included, as often in freeware.
i can say that after running this app for about 4 weeks it is as advertised.
just love it .... no bugs no ads best app recommended for everyone...
less button pushing, no ads, no extra hoops to jump through, i might have been cleaning too much with the last app i was using
can't believe this is free_ it works as advertised. pure awesomeness_
does as advertised and free.  this is the second avast product i'm using which has not  failed to date.  keep up the great  work.
is as advertised, helps clean up mobile or even tablet from junk files you wouldn't have realized take up so much space on your drives.
i use avast on my desktop and it keeps me safe there. the alternatives to this app spam me with ads for their other services. this one just does what i tell it to and tells me in no uncertain terms what it intends to delete before it does. it gives the directory of the files so even if i've got loose files, it'll still warn me before deleting them.
as advertised
boosts your mobile with no ads. i even use it for my pc and its great.
does what it advertises, good app.
it is super good no advertisements,easy to use.
after much research, i found that the avast antivirus app. kept coming up as one of the top security apps. available. installed it and i'm very happy with it. no annoying ads. attached to it like many others. just installed the avast game fighter app. if it's anything like the avast security app. i'll be really happy with it. rating five stars right away. that's how much confidence i have in the avast apps. thank you avast mobile security. have it installed on all my devices.
excellent cleaner. finally an app that allows me to stop using clean master with its annoying persistent ads and warnings. now if only it could see and clean  the sd card as well...
no ads, great design and easy to use. best and recommended.
just wanted something to get rid of the bags under my eyes, and the manual controls on this are spot in. tried others like instabeauty but the constant ads made it annoying to use the app. this one is the best_
it has too many ads. hope that you will remove these.
this app is perfect thanks for advertising _ job well done developer
nice..but so many ads
would be 5 stars if i could pay and remove all the ads
and i will pay_  i vaguely remember paying once for the pro version anyway.  i hate clicking through the ad after saving every time_  let me give you money for an ad free version_
when iam  open the app.  itz having lot of ads...make and give camera 360 pro app without ad_ _
it became just an annoying ad, displaying notifications on my phone very often. moreover it eats up the space_ after 2yrs it created 1.6 gb_ of copies of photos _even deleted ones stayed there_. very aggressive app_
great software but recently started getting random app ads. they also cluttered the ux now with so many stuff. i wish they come back to simple ux or add free paid version
although im not often used it. many ads
its effects are awesome i result is also good but after some days my phone was full of ads and auto downloaded apps . i investigate the cause of ads and they were due to this app plz don't install it
i like what it does but the additional stuff is annoying. eg_ loud video advert is disturbing.
annoying ads and annoying home screen. should go to camera as soon as you open the app, instead it opens an annoying home screen
love the camera itself, but keeps popping up unrelevant things. _edit_ changed to 1 star as the comment replied was totally irrelevant. its the loud splash screen that everyone is raging over, with no way to disable forever. i dont expect to turn on my camera and be greeted with totally irrelevant ads. i just wanted to take a photo_
randomly displays full_screen, full_volume video advertisements during use. just what you don't need when trying to take a well_timed photo_
sometimes developer just forgot the app's strength and signature, they ruined the already great, simple photo taking_edit app to something annoying. hate the home and ads and when pressing 'back' it takes me to your home screen instead of exiting the app
changing my rating due to too many a pop up ads. i just want a good camera app. people
the photo effects are good, some are even great, though the app lacks the extensive controls some apps now offer. the one problem i do have is the video side_ it only records short vine type vids, it puts a watermark on them and then tags an animated ad at the end, which seems rather intrusive if we're not able to even pay to remove them _that i can find_. try it for the filters but there are now better camera apps out there.
seems to be a wannabe social network and ad engine with a camera plugged in somewhere in there. animated backrounds. music. buttons replaced with ads. surprise trips to random apps in the app store. no thanks_
i can't change the default storage location to ad card,  also the only effect for selfie is magic skin. there are times i want no effect and can't do. please fix this
to many ads even for a free app
almost immediately after installation, i started getting advertising notifications pushed to the phone. how did i turn them off_ i uninstalled the app...
i love this app.  the only thing is that is has way too many ads.  please fix it and i'll give it 5_s_
please remove the ads. the ads are very annoying and makes the app more laggy
the camera 360 today is the best. i am really astonished to the new filters it's really great for photography. great job guys. but there is one problem which are the ads and other confusing things. hope for more great photography filters. keep up the great job_ _
what happened to the good application_ it was good before but now everything is messed up and changed the entire portrait section. i don't lime what you did with your update, not that i am confused but you completely messed up everything within the portrait section of your editing application. then now with ads too tsk tsk tsk. probably use other photo editing applications than to stick to this. it was good before now it is crazy crappy
i 'was' happy with this until recently. i have been getting a lot of ads on this camera for dating asian women or becoming an asian actress_ seriously_ why_ i just want to use the camera not be solicited with things that do not interest me what so ever_ i can't remove the one, it's as if it's part of the camera app _ i'm probably going to disable this camera because of this.
of push notifications and video ads.
the ads we're a bit annoying but i understand what it is for.  overall, a good app
everything is upto to mark _ remove ads and i ll give 5 stars , till then 4 is sufficient  _
stupid app with ads
uninstalled. too many ads now.
ads always distract our good time to take selfies....
ads,ads ads so much freaking ads the filters on the other hand are cheap just don't install sorry for this harsh comment
but sometimes its lagging because of the ads.
so many pop ups and ads... it's awful and this use to be my favorite app
update_ i changed my rating from 5 to 2_ lots of ads it is turning this app stupid, let me bloody pay for the app and do not destroy a good app. second reason i do not understand why a cam app should start with my phone reboot and stay live all the the time_ for these two reason i will unistall the app, too bad_  i like this app, good filters that can be tried in live view and nice pictures. i love its live view with filters, deserve 5 star just for that. i don't see anything negative about the app itself but i like to see the upgrades through the google play and not downloading directly from internet_
great software but recently started getting random app ads. i dont mind paying for this app. i don't like ads popping up
cybetshoot quality could have been better.ad this fetchure
the app was better without ads_ if the developer_s of the app insist_s on ads, then users like me who hate in_app ads should be provided with an ad_free paid version of the app _
the only thing this is missing is a video setting and a way to disable adverts.
ads and pop ups appear even when it's not running. all i did was turn my phone on_ very naughty, not cool_
love the app but give us a paid version i hate advertisements
allow me to turn off notifications and i will rate better. stupid ad notifications that make notification sounds that can't be turned off_
regularly uses 8 percent of battery in marshmallow. uninstalling until fixed and until developer knocks off steady stream of meaningless ads and notifications. used to be great_
this app utilizes and customizes the camera ability of the phone very very well. however, there needs to be a way to turn off the advertising as a paid option.
when i gave my review on my music channel the 360 camera ui was sleek pristine and very neat but the new ui is quite tacky and cheap looking, on par with cm security products advertising cheap tacky games and the ui has taken a dive. it doesn't look good at all and is much harder to navigate. i'm not sure i will keep this anymore, steph
too much ads
i can't take even one photo. when i then advertisements come on my screen
the new update has a lots of junk and advertisement. horrible_
best app for taking pictures... ads are some time annoying... if you could remove those ads then it would be great..._
it really is awesome but there are ads. everywhere
fantastic, but the ads make it sluggish.
looking for a app  to adjust exposure settings like this app advertised and no where in this app i could find them after looking for 20mins. faq does not load. filters are nice though
what happened to the tilt_shift camera effect_ i can no longer find it in this app. also, what is with all of the video advertisements and multi_page start screens before getting to the actual camera. the camera is great but not if it takes me 20 seconds to get to it.
very slow.too many ads
best app ever ....awesome filters....works very smoothly....no annoying ads....just one ad, infact i clicked on it just for the app creator ..... should keep adding more awesome filters.....i think you guys pinguo inc also hav other apps_extensions....help me find it
i paid for it, but i get ads. this is a very good camera app, but when the developer starts sending ads to apps that people pay for that's where i draw the line. i will be removing this app from my phone.
you can turn the wi_fi for ads ok.
video ad right when i opened the app. i want to take a picture not watch an ad.
this app is really awesome. with no annoying ads.
this is not an ad free version. i m ready to purchase if ad free version is paid but i cant find_
1. its not a 360 camera, it won't take 360 photos, but its called camera360, doh_ 2. adverts turned up after 5 seconds. 3. sort out the kerning on the cheesy intro, please. it seriously doesn't take 360 photos, that's like selling a radio as a tv or a can of beans and some string as a mobile phone, just wrong_
even if you install the app they're advertising, you still get the ad when you open the camera. makes taking quick shots impossible, as you have to wait for the ad to go away before you can use the camera.
even if you install the app they're advertising, you still get the ad when you open the camera. makes taking quick shots impossible, as you have to wait for the ad to go away before you can use the camera.
ads are inappropriate.  i don't want to open my camera up and see an advertisement inviting me to chat with young available women.  completely inappropriate.  shake the dating ads or i'm planning to uninstall and warn others as well.
ads are inappropriate.  i don't want to open my camera up and see an advertisement inviting me to chat with young available women.  completely inappropriate.  shake the dating ads or i'm planning to uninstall and warn others as well.
version 6 is a degrade from version 5_ i see more advertising compared to the v5. also, you removed my favorite passport photo feature.
reduce battery a lot_ and to much advertisements..
this app used to be really good but now there is constant ads that pop up all the time with no option to actually purchase the camera app to get rid of them. also the interface used to be much easier to use and now it is garbage. fix or uninstall.
when the moment comes to take selfie and i was just about to take a pic an advert comes saying u didn't play with me for 60 second, ,bad ingenierien 1 star for ur stupid mind i was holding my breath and try to look look good am not going to hold my breath again for another 60 sec stupid fuckkkkk
installed and uninstalled in 1 minute.  feels like an ad not an app.  ui is annoying .  glitz over function.  wanted to use date time stamp _ no configurability.
when i have cam app i want it to luanch immediately to take photo, not to go through some silly ads or whatever it is. right photo is about quick ability to take it. getting rid of this app.
there is too much ads
too much icon and ads..
fantastic app 1000_ my my side..no ads..easy to use..i feel like a photographer whit thiz app...
i use the cell phone to capture those unexpected moments when it is necessary to act quickly.   but the a_holes that wrote this app think it is ok to suddenly block their users with long, drawn out video ads.
it took me three tries to get past some frou_frou vanity slideshow _ or possibly advertisement for personal hygiene products, it wasn't clear.  the third try got me to some ambiguously labelled hexagons with no clear indication of what or why i might have gotten there.  i don't remember why i installed this, but i certainly know why i am uninstalling it.  if you value your time and expect others to respect that, don't bother with this app.
the 30 second ad upon startup makes this useless for quick pics... which kills spontaneous pics...
worse than built in camera and it doesn't do anything it is suppose to. said free no ads that all it is. could not even take regular picture and when took goofy one it would not save. had to use virus remover to get it off. hopefully store bans this app. save everyone a lot of headaches.
the effects are great and easy to use. it's especially nice since there aren't any ads or pop ups to contend with.
this app used be one of my favourite camera apps. but recent updates has forced my phone to be slow. to check if it was this app, i installed and  uninstalled it a few times and it was indeed this apps problem. moreover, it always prompts me with some notification and there are are lots of pop up ads. if you check the settings, it also requires permission to download and install apps without the users approval thus compromising privacy. truly disappointed_
i initially downloaded this app for the galaxy s3 and was unimpressed but this version for note 4 is much better, with lots of practical filters and the app itself is fast and smooth. i also like the fact that you don't get obtrusive, garish ads popping up like some free apps.
last update is showing me it's flagged for android.adware.igexin  it is a high risk ad plug_in, which can steal user's private information, including phone number, call history, geo_location, etc.
best app ive ever downloaded, as good as photoshop in my opinion, this is next level, amazing, and no ads. 5 stars and then some
please remove all ads and please make the camera more enhance like the version 5
probably the best camera app out there on any device. it is your one stop shop for everything photos it even has a really good qr code scanner. and best of all it has no ads
captured photos are hidden and multiple photos are being saved. easily make your storage low in capacity. but still, app is good. ad free. effects are great for newbies like me.
worked as advertised from the beginning_
after installing this i received tons of app ads that cannot be swiped and it keeps piling there on my notif bar. i installed some ad detecting app and founded out that this is the culprit. im so disappointed_
easy camera's quality is great, and the filters are the best things ever. menu and layout of app is sleek and accessible. my only gripe would be lack of video recording, but that in no way justifies giving this app lower than 5 stars because it performs every bit as good as it is described_advertised.
i prefer the previous app. the current is full of adverts  and stops abruptly most of the time
its has every thing that u need in a camera and all the effects work properly we get to see ads without any disturbance. wonderful
i like this application.....no ads....bug....cool effects....i use the storm effect....very cool.....thanks a lots to camera 360 ....love it  so much.....1 more.....i can use all the effects offered when i sign up the member.....we love you camera 360_
i love_d_ this app since it offered fast photo taking and was over all better than the stock camera with great effects. however, the recent update has made the menus so convoluted and difficult to use when they were once so fast and simple. also, why are there ads_ i paid _6 to get away from the ads, the only point of paying to upgrade from free version, and now they're back and more intrusive than ever_ what kind of business is this_ either fix this or i want my _6 back_
i paid for this app a long time ago. i do not want advertising on my paid app. i know it's free now but i paid for it. and not to mention that it does not save the picture that i just took. the only thing it does, is beep and turns my volume  up and down. no picture
easy camera's quality is great, and the filters are the best things ever. menu and layout of app is sleek and accessible. my only gripe would be lack of video recording, but that in no way justifies giving this app lower than 5 stars because it performs every bit as good as it is described_advertised.
1. this long intro video at first time startup. 2. it has ads that ruin an app
i'm furious_ i was at a friend's theatre performance and went to take a picture. this stupid piece of garbage played an ad with sound and disrupted the whole show. how incredibly thoughtless and inconsiderate_
more improvement.. please no more advertising for another app.
after testing this app i wanted to use it for the first time but, after an update, i couldn't and only saw advertisments. due to bright light i couldn't see the tiny configuration button so this app wasted saving precious moments. i won't say nasty things here but wish the inventor of this stupid feature as much luck as it gave me, exponential. because of this is one star still 10 stars too much.
the best camera out there. works better with my xperia p than sony recommended one. no lags or unnecessary ads, and great photo quality with options to customize. love it _3
seems like every time i open the app it's after an update so i have to wage through self advertising.  pretty good camera app but now feels like a chore to get to the actual camera to take a picture _ boy what a battery suck if you aren't careful
what a load of rubbish. you have to wait for adverts to play when you turn it on. i want to take pictures not listen to life journey crap
this is an ad app with a camera built_in and the one on my m7 and m8 has more_better options.
sends its own ad
other _1 apps like magicpix are much better. no ads and more features like picture organization and remote control.
lots of features and everything is free. haven't been nagged to purchase anything. comes with tons of effects and filters, again, all free. no ads. great camera app. i've had zero issues so far.
free. no ads. good filters. cloud space. user friendly interface. will not use any other app for another year_
effects are good, but this advertisements in the new version really freaking me out, over 15apps appears daily in notification bar to install them, i really hope developer do something about it_
full video adverts before the camera opens_ come on to f_k.. seriously_
too many long ads that you can't skip
this is my first time using it so i can't comment on the update, however this app works perfectly and it's exactly what it's advertised as. wonderful app for photo editing, and tons of options. so many so, i haven't been able to try ask of them out yet. very handy for those who love to edit photos. and very simple to use_ five stars for doing what we're told it does and the simplicity of doing what you want to do.
pimping it self via startup ad takes forever to start in new update am unistalling if as we speak
a week ago i would've given this app 4 stars, but the last few times i go o open it, a 20 second ad starts playing immediately_ wtf_ if any camera app wants me to wait 20 seconds to watch a stupid ad before i can even start taking pics, them i guess it also wants to be uninstalled.
m impresssd. easy to use. many features. fun working. no ads
omg_ i just love it. the start up of c360 which highlights different moods and emotions plus its new interface _ it also doesn't contain with it many pop_up advertisements. super like_
other _1 apps like magicpix are much better. no ads and more features like picture organization
it's generally good as far as cameras go, but often it takes forever to actually save a photo i take _as i'm writing this, it's still in the process of saving one i took over 5 hours ago..._. it annoys me so much i often cancel it and lose the photo. that is what makes it worth a mere two stars to me, though i'm adding one more because there are no ads.
runs great. loads of filters, effects and crop styles. it's ad free n fun_
the effects are amazing. i use this ad an alternative to the default camera app.
outrageously heavy on permissions, and subjects us to adware and push ads as well. red_flagged by every security app on my phone. not worth the risks or the invasiveness. many far better apps are unwilling to compromise their users' privacy and security like this app does. happily uninstalling. lg g3
since i installed this apo, i have popup ads in my phone.
really awesome app but i have a suggestion plz ad one feature which save our memorable pic forever in this app i've lost my pics but there is no option to recover or backup _ just  like as what's app
really awesome app but i have a suggestion plz ad one feature which save our memorable pic forever in this app i've lost my pics but there is no option to recover or backup _
i think candy camera is amazing but i really hate all the ads
now we have to pay for stickers that we used to be able to use for free_ you were already making money off the ads, why have you become so greedy_
i really enjoy the fun edits and enhancements not bothered by to many ads like alot of the other ones
but please those sucking ads or made a premium version of it...
i can't open the app,i gave it 4stars because of the graphics on the ad..
i'm no muso, but always had an interest in sound. been using lmms, hydrogen and a few other programs on my linux mint desktop and wanted something for my tablet. when i tried caustic _two days ago_, i was blown away. the layout and workflow are excellent, only took me a few minutes to navigate around the app and figure out the sequence of steps needed to produce some end sounds.   now i've got the basics, i find this app way easier to mess with, than any desktop software i have, no matter how powerful. i can kick back in my chair, or lay on my bed and create my _masterpiece_, without needing to sit at a keyboard and screen with a mouse at the ready. i happily forked out the cash so i could unleash caustic's full potential. downloaded a few extra free and paid  goodies too.  the video tutorials are magic, would love to see a long one _parts_series_ that creates a song from start to finish that uses nothing but the app itself, plus the same using external input such as a midi keyboard or other similar device. one really great feature is  how few permissions this thing wants, no linking to address book_contacts etc. zero ads or prompts to make in_app purchases.
i downloaded chrome because it was a good browser. now it just got annoying because of those stupid pop_up ads on the bottom right of my screen_ google, freaking remove it, please_ it's freaking irritating_
toomuch ads disturbing. pls fix this problem
using too much cpu_ram and no ad blocker, uninstalled then
after the last updates, swiping over an ad, opens the ad. so scrolling on pages is very hard without accidentally clicking on ads. i'm sure this is not a bug, but a _feature_. using chrome is impossible now. changing to dolphin browser
many websites are completely unreadable on android due to ads.
come on _ guys put some ad blocking thing
i like using this site but there are too much pop up ads constantly
i like the merge tabs option, it makes changing between tabs a lot easier, but there really should be an easier way to open a new tab. or maybe just opening the browser from the shortcut could open a new tab by default_ also there should be a permanent setting for desktop site preference and an ad blocker would be great. a solution to this and it's definitely a 5_star browser.
this is a good browser but on my version of android it always opens spam and advertising windows on startup which i then have to close before starting chrome again. it's very very annoying
started getting pop up ads. and chrome opening when i want something else.          2_4_2016. now i can't get chrome to open w_out multiple tries. security flashes so fast, i can't put in the password.    3_2_16 doesn't seem to be doing that so much since the last two updates. i'm happier with it now
hi..guys please do not download this app. it contains too many ad's. everytime whenever i surfs it shows too many ad's popups. it does not block any ad's.
even a light website like gamefaqs lags in chrome. any ad will bring the browser to a screeching halt.
please add some security and privacy to this default browser. dont be so greedy to suck information to make advertisements....
because i search in website is loading stop or new ad search how it works i don't understand......
doesn't know what types of ads to stop from popping up.
please give option to block ads in the browser.
ads keeps popping out of nowhere o n o
can't go anywhere without pop up ads. can't even use it, worst app for browsing by far until these issues are fixed.
every 5 minutes, an ad redirects me to chrome. i'm tired of it.
full of ads _
the number of ads on this browser are surreal. never before during the 2 years have i faced this problem. now i have to close tabs with ads while browsing a single page. pathetic_
please top ads can't touch always pop ads. this is the worst browser in history
lags like crazy and full of ads...switched to firefox its faster
i would gladly rate this a 5 star if there was any kind of ad filter. i'd even be willing to pay a few bucks for a version that auto blocks ads. another bonus would be ability to use flash. a game website i frequent has almost it's entire site working with flash_neopets_, so i miss out when i am a few days without my computer and have chrome app on phone for only option_i'm disabled and spend most of my time in bed on the internet_. i prefer to solely use google products when possible.
i've started receiving a lot of popups saying i have viruses and need to download some tool to remove them, even on very respectable sites like bbc and the like. the ads have gotten out of control, we need a way to block them but you're not allowed to install add_ons from the chrome store on the android version, so you're stuck with malware popping up wherever you browse, this is totally unacceptable. until we have ad blocking supported on the android version i will stop using this browser, there's no point as i can't even browse most sites anymore.
i'm very frustrating with the oneclick ads and redirect ads on chrome. please fix this.
please update add on feature to block unwanted advertisement while browsing. just like ad block plus.
please update add on feature to block unwanted advertisement while browsing. just like ad block plus.
it is really irritating now a days to even surf. the bottom half of my screen is full of ads which interferes with my work and secondly if you try to close it, it automatically opens up in an another tab or as a pop up. google has lost its vision to provide user based, user friendly portal and is now just in money making business. this ideology is not wrong but not at the cost of customer experience.
please find solution to advertisement getting slower the speed of phone ram
google chrome as one of the best browser that i can use an android phone. but there is one con, no advertisement blocker..._
until it has ad blocker and its more user friendly i want to customize the colors in it ,,,, right now its useless _
it really need ad and pop up blocker adon. because there is really very bad and unblock able, un closable  ads every where. in compare, firefox is doing magnificent in this category with add on''s.
why is the app size so large_ and larger and it will start prompting user to use wifi to download_update. also major issue with ads... i get that's how google makes it money but i still hate ads... unless extension support is added in going to have to use dolphin browser.
everytime i open the browser it deletes the page i'm on to give me a useless ad for a useless app by telling me i have viruses and need this app to kill them_ i'm sorry, but twitter is not going to fox my phone. make. this. stop.
plz do something about ads on various site. atleast make a way to block nonsense sites
ads are always popping up and giving my phone viruses. i hate google chrome.
it's hella annoying when one after another ads keep popping up and there is no way left going back specially one saying ur mobile got virus click to remove like hell u scammers _._ to ads developers
stop or block ads, spam and phising when loading in page please..
no ads blocker very bad experience everytime i use this browser many windows open if i click on page even pop up blocker is enable and adobe flash not supported
ads keep on popping up on a protected page. it keeps on popping up the spin the wheel to claim a phone, game system or other things, please fix.
this is best browser. too bad intrusive ads destroying it.
google crome is best best browser soo far .but there are so many ads that crome doesnot block
very slow, laggy, drains battery, uses too much memory, bloated, crashes frequently, won't load many websites properly, and still doesn't support add_ons. lack of options and customization is a big issue. can't play youtube videos in the background. it's difficult to deal with obtrusive ads and pop_ups while browsing.
where are all these pop up ads coming from_ this needs to be fixed. chrome was the best browser until this started to happen.
ads are always popping up. very annoying. please fix this problem, otherwise this app is useless and only takes up space.
now that ios has enabled ad block support in their browser, i think it's time for google to get on the bandwagon. otherwise it's impossible to use this browser with those horrible pop up ads that show up even when pop up blocking is enabled.
new page, new ad.can't even uninstall this stupid system app.
can we have extentions please, so want to block ads.
please ad page download as a pdf file
please learn from opera mini to block pop up. chrome for android is too many pop up ads. why chrome for windows is best but worst for mobile phone _
was fast at first but now it's incredibly slow. can't long click pictures to copy them. randomly crashes the pages. force opens for ads and other things. this needs to stop, it is not a very good browser anymore.
i want to complain for the update of whatsapp here in chrome which keep coming whenever i use chrome browser...it is an update it says but not of from whatsapp...then it says new wallpaper n it will deduct weekly of 9 ead_for whatt_   chrome is useful because many features except of too many advertisements popping.
last 10 years am using its very good faster.ezhilkumar.but more advertising. disturbing
awesome if they only block all ads
whenever i open chrome browser it creates extra pages. its very annoying. when i browse a particular page it shows a lots of ads in between. it sucks me. i dont know how to get rid of it. plz help me out.
needs better adblock. constantly annoyed by ads using this browser
i'm forced to endure multiple ads on every page _ pop up ads on the bottom. i clear my browsing history upon close _ cookies and doesn't matter. i've opted out of interest based ads online and offline but doesn't matter i'm still forced to deal with ads on every search result web page whether the site has ads or not_ horrible_ nothing like being subjected by force_ the ads are distracting, annoying _ no way to opt out_ i'm switching to a different browser. before the update this was good_ beware_ awful_
slow and laggy since new update new updates come loaded with ads i'm using firefox browser now
these pop_up ads are killing me.
if i could give it _5 stars, i would. it is impossible to browse any sites without constant pop up ads. bloatware is everywhere. too many interruptions that ruin the browsing experience, and now the browser is extremely slow. no, it is not my phone or internet. every app works fast. except this garbage. too much storage space is used by this. also, the removal of tabs was completely idiotic. some of us actually used that feature. you're stepping down to internet explorer's level. congratulations_
device back button no longer exits app. firefox works good and i can use add ons to block ads.
it constantly freezes on multiple websites. the only thing this new version added was extra ad support. ads now appear at the bottom of the screen and scroll as you scroll. bad update.
but slow when open pages whit many ads
too much ads
fails to block irritating ads at all_
please add some security and privacy to this default browser. dont be so greedy to suck information to make advertisements....
everything fine but the ads are so annoying ugh.
pop up blocker doesn't work in most cases. no add on can be used in mobile version while fiirefox gives tons of addons including ad blocker.
to many ads
i don't know whether devs even test it _ full of malware popups like one click ads ,etc.surfing in android is totally  hopeless.
tired of the google play pop ups i get constantly_ i can opt out all i want but i then i get ads that aren't specifically targeted towards my interests. nothing has helped. i can't delete chrome on my turbo 2 since it is part of my os. i am ready to return the phone since google prefers a cut of ap developers' profits.
add a reader functionality like samsung has for its browser please_ it's really helpful and don't have to deal with unnecessary ads on certain web pages when reading news articles and such.
lots of ad pop ups that cannot be closed. and ads that cover the entire page. it happened before but was okay after i uninstalled updates and re updated it. but it's happening now again. _ the last time it was domminated by some battery hacked sheneigan and several others. now it's done by some dnsunlocker. and uninstalling doesn't work anymore.
so much ads and popups
device back button no longer exits app. firefox works good and i can use extensions to block ads.
please improve the ability to block pop_up ads. many times it still fails to block pop_up ads. also please add a new feature to choose folders before downloading files.
plzz show us way how to block annoying ads.
it should also contain ad blocker inbuilt.
so many ads_you must renamed to be king of ads _
only for ad not for browse
it can't get rid of ads on pages that pop up by even scrolling down the pages. uc does it very well
its working awesome but does not block ad.
these pop_up ads just screw everything..
how dare you access my data fr updating u r browser i lost 200_ balance because of u assholes just to advertise, this is not the best  way of approach we use the browsers we like and don't go by your will
uninstalling until you guys add in or allow ad blocker extensions. firefox it is until then. it's been real chrome. peace.
seems buggy now, no ad blocking _how do i know if its not a virus_, gets stuck on sites at random, overall getting worse... all i need is a browser that allows me to get between sites
no ad blocker makes it irrigating, only good thing for me it can play hd videos where uc browser fails despite having ad blocker. hope to see better times with chrome_
hate the separate _mobile bookmarks_ _ _desktop bookmarks_ idea. need an ad block.
i've always been a fan of google products. but since the appearance of this extremely annoying pop up ads that doesn't even let you check a single page of web without being attacked, i hate it. it's no longer user_friendly, speedy or trustworthy. always gets you when you're in a hurry. it's the worst. i really look forward to a new update respectively destroying this idiotic idea of making money misusing the users' trust_ if not, it will be my first time searching for a substitute for a google product.
ilove the apps cuz its easy to use but i dont like the pop up ads..
my lg phone crawls through searches and navigations. allows inadvertent redirects moreso that other android browsers. where the _ is the exit_
while generally chrome is good and fast to use, i keep getting pop up ads and webpages opening without my permission, even with an antivirus app on my phone. you can obviously see the issues with this happening, and i'm not very keen on the potential threats this entails.
the google ads is very irretating and a wasteof my data
i'm uninstalling this sh_t. i can't trust this thing. i have my auto update setting turned off and yet it forces you to update. my old version was running fine. then chrome had a new version and my version started to show bugs. sometimes it auto closes. sometimes youtube sounds gets buggy. looks like they intentionally activate this bugs so you are forced to update.  this feels like those ads that says your phone is running slow and wants you to install their f_cking malware. beware with this app
full of ads..
it's changed, and show too much ads more than before.
it was the best app ever . but then those ads came up and i was thinking it's a virus and i'm the only one with it . the anti virus couldn't detect anything . now i have read this comments and i found out i'm not the only  one with these problems
chrome no longer offers users the ability to press and hold on an image to save from an image search. terrible decision. also, the browser now forces full_page ads that cover the entire screen.
now that ios has enabled ad block support in their browser, i think it's time for google to get on the bandwagon. otherwise it's unable to use this browser with those horrible pop up ads that show up even when pop up blocking is enabled.
still dislike that ads can not be set to not interrupt my browsing and that it gobbles up space.
block ads ad every min
the ads will just come and pop up, a reason for me to log at may tablet.
please add an exit option and remove ads
uc mini better browser because he not show ads and best download quality and little size app
i love the chrome browser but recently it has become unusable due to repeated infection by the dnsunlocker malware. pages become covered in false ads, text become covered in malware hyperlinks, and loaded pages suddenly redirect to spam sites. i have followed online guides for removal _eg wiping cache, history and bookmarks_ but none has worked. as a result i have had to switch to opera _which thus far has avoided infection_, but still hope google fixes a problem that reportedly only effects their browser.
i can not use chrome to do online shopping, read news stories or even just go to many normal webpages without being bombarded with malicious ads_ it's incredibly frustrating and it's not like it would be that hard for the developers to ad and ad block extension. it's gotten to the point where i have to go onto my laptop to do web browsing.... it's ridiculous fix it.
i like this browser better than the  others so far no pop_up ads
i clean my phone with 3 different apps every week yet, every single time i open chrome, my phone buzzes so hard my hand goes numb, and virus warnings, anti virus ads and malware warnings pop up, every single time, i'm done with chrome.
lol at the amount of ads.
it's a clean, solid piece of code for something of this size, but its lack of easy use with ad blocking plugins is no longer acceptable.  i have no problem with ads in principal, but ad blockers end up being the best defense against _browser abuse_.  firefox for android is now stable enough to use by default, so chrome is now my browser of last resort.  such a pity
absolutely useless compared to the desktop version no support at all for extensions and any decent ad block or pop up blockers i would give it zero stars but gay google won't let you
this is probably one of my favorite browser but the pop up ads have gone out of hand... ill be waiting for a fix but until then my rating is two stars.. hope this will be fixed soon because right now i have to use n alternative.
if you try to swipe by a nexus 5x ad the ad opens anyway.  no other ads do this.
while scrolling a page, if there is google ad within page that u touch and scroll up. instead of scrolling it opens ad. very annoying
get rid of the ads and i'll give it a 5 star rating.
simple and fast no need for add on like other bloated browser. people complain due to pop up ads is because people watch and download a lot of porns and games that has ads in them_
chrome was great before 3 or 4 updates then it got ruined so hard pop up ads and slow page loading seriously fix this sh_t
it is full of ads
my main issue is that this browser does not block pop_up ads. it's very fast, looks very sleek, and is incredibly easy to use. i just wish it could actually block pop ups like it says it does. either way, this is still a really good browser.
only thing loads is ads
i use chrome on all my devices. it's simple and secure. all my devices stay synced with one another. but there are some issues. the ad and pop up blockers do not work very well. the ui is outdated. give us a dark theme, there's way too much white space in the app. get it together google.
the ads popups keep saying theres a virus on my phone i just got this phone like an hour ago and im sure im not the only one _
i normally love the chrome browser. i have it for my desktop, my laptop, and my phone due to the ability and simplicity of being able to use the saved passwords, bookmarks, and overall unified suggestions. however, i'm not able to browse web pages like i used to anymore without my phone freaking out with a surplus of ads advertising i have _viruses_ or _special purchase prices_ on random assortment of things. i can't even read a freaking cookbook without being redirected to some spam page_
i normally love the chrome browser. i have it for my desktop, my laptop, and my phone due to the ability and simplicity of being able to use the saved passwords, bookmarks, and overall unified suggestions. however, i'm not able to browse web pages like i used to anymore without my phone freaking out with a surplus of ads advertising i have _viruses_ or _special purchase prices_ on random assortment of things. i can't even read a freaking cookbook without being redirected to some spam page_
i like the integration and the speed, but extensions not supported, which means no ad blocker and no selective java script blocking. i'm forced to choose_ root the phone to install a dns based blocker and don't get platform security updates, or don't root and drown in ads and java script bombs. how is that supposed to help security_
3rd dnsunlocker infection in as many months from a dodgy advert on a well known news site.  time for a browser that supports add_ons.  firefox _ ublock origin _kill the ads before they infect me_ _ phony _because pretty much nobody respects _request desktop site_ any more.  much better.
3rd dnsunlocker infection in as many months from a dodgy advert on a well known news site.  time for a browser that supports add_ons.  firefox _ ublock origin _kill the ads before they infect me_ _ phony _because pretty much nobody respects _request desktop site_ any more.  much better.
in the last month i've started getting 'sponsored ads' pop up. yes i have pop ups turned off i have uninstalled and reinstalled chrome. ideas would be great.
there are too many websites with pop_up ads and vibrating ads that contain malware. users should have the ability to install extensions like adblock or just add an ad blocking option built_in.
i have had a problem with pop up ads a lot lately_  i did not used to have this issue using chrome on my smartphone.
ads everywhere since update.
hate new tab systems where you should open recents tabs and for me it's nearly the same as closing it. please return to the old one. and i hate i can't hear the songs that are being played in the other tabs once i moved to a new tab. and don't forget the pop up ads..
got sick of the full screen ads that you can't close  and they block the web pages you are viewing. gets worse with every update. gone from a good browser to a pile of crap. firefox doesn't have the issue.
add add on option for ad blocker
whenever i browse using chrome, i have to deal with annoying advertise that disturbs me. it is frustrating _ please fix this issue.
chrome's the best browser out there but the pop_up ads that are nothing less than a virus in the software need to be removed immediately.. it's kinda embarrassing how google haven't taken any prompt action yet.. it's the same in windows..
no option to exit,lot of ads
an ad pops up every time i open
why can't i browse even one site without an ad taking over_ do i really have to go back to the passport_
i can't open many sites in my mobile because of ads of other sites which appears by force in thr browser. please don't make me try another browser
i understand google revenue comes from ads but this browser for all of great its features is next to crap when you cant get any browsing done due to any and every ad in the worldwide web. you are better off with adblock browser or rooting your device and installing an adblocker. come on google you are better than this.
i can barely trust this browser anymore due to the pop_ups and continuous ads.
keep getting several pop_up ads and it's very annoying. i don't know how to get rid of them.
what is going on_ it keeps battery drain quickly fast _ most of the website keeps unfinished loading _ reload_refresh doesn't work anymore. this new update is also very2x bad for laptop because its shows too many ads. this is pointless
am staying with firefox, because firefox has add_on support, and i can use ad blocking add_ons with firefox.
always carry up ads a many other crap do not download or use
for some whatever reason sometimes, which is more then you think, would open and show me some security ad. i'm not even clicking on chrome and this still happens. plz fix this annoying thing
use to be good.  now tons of pop up ads. anti_pop up enabled, phone has anti_malware installed, but still get the ads.
it is really shameful that it does not support extensions_ to be honest the online ad market is a big cash cow for google so they will probably never implement it.
full of ads..
the worst ever.....full of ads.....will rob your money without even telling u
i use to love chrome. since the last update my phone is unbearably slow_ i actually liked the old version. it would block pop up ads automatically_ now, all i see are pop ups. please fix this. otherwise, i'll find a different browser.
unable to remove taboola and similar advert services from chrome. almost unusable.... exceptionally poor experience
the reason i am giving this one star is because of the ridiculous permissions in the new update _take pictures and record audio and video_. i will not give anyone those permissions.  also the popup blocker function doesn't work. i still see various bars and ads that recursively obstruct my ability to read an article with no way to close the advertisement.this happens far too often. i'm loosing my faith in google's products.
the reason i am giving this one star is because of the ridiculous permissions in the new update _take pictures and record audio and video_. i will not give anyone those permissions.  also the popup blocker function doesn't work. i still see various bars and ads that recursively obstruct my ability to read an article with no way to close the advertisement.this happens far too often. i'm loosing my faith in google's products.
your new google ads are invasive to touchscreens. please tone down the sensitivity or i will stop using chrome. thx.
i can watch porn and i love it no ads
google folks needs to stop this annoying pop_up ads.  this chrome browser is good, but to much of ads.  unable to install abp or abp pro for this chrome.
what is going on_ it keeps battery drain quickly fast _ most of the website keeps unfinished loading _ reload_refresh doesn't work anymore. this new update is bad for laptop because its shows too many ads. this is pointless
a lot of pop up ads which irritates every time when u open the browser. didn't expect this from chrome...
i would like to see tab casting using chromecast. also please ad some addons like adblock.
usually, when i use the browser, it will crash after some time, sometimes followed by full screen pop_up ads.
been facing problems using chrome lately . try to open any links or site it only opens a window which is most prolly an advert . please fix this
kind of have to say its great because google inc. basically runs the show _ so to speak _ for web browsing, searches, ads, business, heat score people who do open business online carelessly, etc. wish list_ chrome ultimate light _ lightning fast, no data about end user, include bookmarks, downloads, audio video, no sign into google, and complete privacy from the back end already configured cutting down on 1_2 of stable browser code. _just an estimate based on the available open source code of chrome_
after update getting redirected to ads. need to fix them.
the ad is so annoying
................... simple put it into inconito mode . or maybe you can never have it again and not let websites pop up  ads. or dont watch porn or download stuff. this is only optional
it might be tedious but it works well and stops a lot of the bad ads that get through. i'm glad they finally got it in.
what a joke, my browser crashes everytime i turn around_ not to mention ads pop up and give me malware on every page i try to visit. i wish i could uninstall the thing, but i'll settle for disabling it.
giving 2 stars because it is a clean browser with no news and ad crap. but i feel used whenever i use google apps so cant go higher than that
more faster than any other browsers,   but it can't block the advertisements_
ads, viruses and spyware galore no add_ons to block popups and malicious ads make this browser mediocre compared to firefox
i don't know why google is presenting a great app but with lots of annoying ads that are being shown every time i open chrome....... disappointed.... _
the browser is kewl. but the advertising is out of control. please give us better pop up blocking,  and reduced ads.
the browser is kewl. but the advertising is out of control. please give us better pop up blocking,  and reduced ads.
so many pop up ads when i click anything loads another page saying virus detected
but absolutely useless without a serious ad blocker. i can't access any of my favorite websites without closing several popups.
due to pop up ads worst browser experience i've had the displeasure of using. man i miss having the old android browser it actually blocked the pop ups this i'm flooded with them
extension support needed for blocking stupid full screen ad, hijack ad, and annoying ad.
add this features_ source code viewer, third_party video player support, reading mode, save offline reading and pop ad's blocker.
it doesn't block ads it is worst browser i suggest to download uc browser
i like the browser, but the pop_up ads always come up and i get redirected. seriously, it gets annoying.
good browser but it should have a good popup blocker i am going for another browser just for the ad's.
ads on a system app_ wasn't buying the phone enough.
advertisement makes browsing more dificult. when some add enabled then it cannot be terminated untill the browser closed. this happenns all times. if it happens always then how we brows usung this chrome_
after updating earlier.. all of sudden these malware pages coming itself... specially trade ad exchange .com... so please fix this bug
no ad on features
please google remove ads from browser pls
i really want to give chrome more than 3 stars. i really do. it's fast and provides a user friendly environment compared to its competitors. however, it's prone to get bombarded with pop up ads since they recent patch. mcafee can't touch them and it has gotten to the stage where i cannot use it properly without a pop up opening a new tab.
but ads free  browsing system should be
pop_up advertising from a browser_ are we back in 1999_ i never really understood all the hoopla about this one self_proud browser among literally a dozen usable ones.
also tab management button should be available by default. compression should be more hardcore. stop annoying ads.
can't read text until all the ads and extras get around to loading because the screen keeps jumping all over due to those items resizing and reformatting.
stop the pop up ads  i'll repeat that stop the pop up ads and i'll give 5 stars
please stop these stupid _ali express_  ads on my galaxy s3, they take almost all the screen and i can't do anything whatsoever on my phone while browsing. helloooo, if i wanted some new year deals, i would do them myself, you don't need to shove it down my throat and ruin my browsing experience. fix it now right now_
when searching and suddenly go for ads its difficult to exit. how hard you push back it will not go back to the previous page. so annoying coz u must research again.
one would think that google's browser would work better.  ad blocking doesn't seem to work.
the best search engine,easy to use,full screen ads,for an older version, help for all update privacy and security alert all in one my user device.
i cant copy the url and paste it somewhere else. full screen ads
cant use properly due to the ads popping up.  . . _
pop up ads are the main problem that i have. they have locked up my web use. if google fixed the screen lock ups from the ads, i would give it a 5.
interface not as friendly ad my tablet which has same os. had to look up a forum to figure out how to see my tabs_ but love it just the same.
bookmarks unresponsive and clumsy. i don't want to always save to mobile bookmarks. oh, and fix how awful it is with ads.
granted, the proliferation of poorly designed websites with 20 ads per page of clickbait is part of the problem, but there are so many popups on certain pages that even with a relatively quick wifi connection i can't read a given page. chrome needs to implement a far more aggressive pop_up blocker for its mobile versions.
while browsing, ads pop up like every 2 or 3 seconds and it's quite annoying. i'll uninstall if you guys don't fix it. my friends start using another alternative so i might follow them soon.
the app needs to have support for the chrome web store. also this browser should block ads like almost every other browser allows you to do.
the best search engine,easy to use,full screen ads.for an older version, help for all update privacy and security alert all in one my user device.
i don't know why i see same ads on my mac which i see on android chrome.  i can get rid of those ads in mac chrome but not on android. it's annoying i temporary switched to firefox
chrome_ the new internet explorer.. very sad that i used to love chrome and google browser, but now prefer firefox due to being absolutely bombarded with popups and ads on chrome etc. it's all about the money, not the experience anymore with google_
can't view a lot of pages and articles and instead shows me tons of annoying ads
using too much cpu_ram and no ad blocker, uninstalled then
very buggy.. takes so long to connect to google. then has too many ads popping up.. jam up my_mobile
we will pay you later for this ads.
what did you do when you updated this_....there are ads popping up all over the place and it is running slower then internet explore, now that's bad_  not to mention viruses_ horrible_ do not download_
the best search engine,easy to use,full screen ads.for an older version, help for all updatd privacy and security alart all in one my user device.
full screen pop up adverts every 3 minutes. time to move on to firefox
all the little advertisements are really getting on my nerves.  you can't close them, because the close button is too small.  so instead they now cover as much as 1_3rd of the screen.  so sick of ads_
used your email below to tell about a issue with chrome and i get a email back from google saying it's a _no reply email_. f_cking really_ alot of pop up ads
that's not cache, just2 sit there. every site i save an edit box come, push edit, it's trash. i'm talking new, all sites. it also keeps priv. info when set not2. i've had it wth bloated app s not 1 app under 150mbs it's a phone dev. not a pc. i'll be so glad when i can dump all ggle apps. i dont want profile on _, they tell me to shut my whole ggle act down but i'll use till i can loose it.id work it out but no support ever. say no to ads, they blast you more, gmail can't name folders, drive crazy to use.
looking up on the internet is fast but i don't like that its connected to the regular google search app _ you can't disable chrome and still use google search.  also, chrome has been plaguing me with bugs and ads for apps on the play store when i go to text. its getting really irritating. thanks.
please add ad blocker and popup blocker.
need to limit adverts on the mobile version
probably the best overall browser for android. sadly it does not support ad blocking plugins.
can't watch anything in full screen and ads keep taking me away from where i'm trying to get to. block these intrusive ads like your competitors. i'm not saying to block all of them but when i go to any site because it's either too risky or not where i was headed it makes me want to block all ads. fix this now
works as advertised_
chrome is best because we don't always want links  and adverts to other sites just to be able to log on and do what you need to do.
we kind of have to say its great because google inc. basically runs the show _ so to speak _ for web browsing, searches, ads, business, heat score people who do open business online carelessly. what i'd like to see is a complete stealth mode chrome version. no data collected about the end user, except basic server logs the machine keeps which is out of our control. many people forget_ machine, oct line providers, firewalls, etc. it's all logged some where. nothing is 100_ stealth.
webpages are not opening_ shows that sites contains viruses _ opens advertisement on every page in htc desire 820_ always opens advertising pages or says contains virus or to upgrade version of phone
please ad option plugins ad blocker are flash player is not supported mobile version chrome
just improv, but never read costumer want. block ads.
still no ad blocker update... are u guys kidding with us. there are lots of surfing apps which provides ads blocker to get a buttery surfing feel but no such potential found here. c'mon grow up. even windows version provide ad blocker so what's wrong with android platform. no offense but i have switched to other familiar browsing stuff.. hope you will look for this ._still we will be waiting for the corresponding update_
just updated and all of a sudden the screen is taken over by ads which has never happened before. every few clicks  it happens. wish i'd never updated now.
to much ads or popup even block its in certian web....
always come back to chrome it just works on so many sites i use, better than the other browsers. but it does need this improved data savings update quick_ and the malware blocking which may already be included now, i'm not sure_. more importantly it needs a ad blocker, but obviously this is going to effect google's business model. a chromium download please_
but i bored ad. when i using.
popup blocks not working.  no addons like firefox which i can install adblockplus. its full of ads.  need more improvements
when i want to open app store, there is always an advertisement from ad.server... bla.. bla.. bla... please fix it... i will rate 5 stars if it has been fix.. thx.. _
when i want to open app store, there is always an advertisement from ad.server... bla.. bla.. bla... please fix it... i will rate 5 stars if it has been fix.. thx.. _
it seems slower to start and render pages. and there are no options to stop full screen ads and video ads that automatically startup. it's bad experience. adblock plus might be nice.
i do not mind advertisement popups once in a while. but hey, everytime one appears, it covers a quarter of the screen, and there is absolutely no option to close that advertisement. ridiculous.
don't like new update. i keep getting this pop up saying chrome wants to install certificate for ad.doubleclicks or something. i don't know what to do. and the new bookmark setup is horrible. i can't hold down and choose the option of 'open in a new tab.'
this is especially true of the ad blocking addons. without an adblock add_on the internet experience is extremely distracting and frankly, slow and frustrating.     you don't know when a page has finished loading and you can tap on something only to discover you have clicked on an ad that took its time loading.  the amount of time wasted dealing with intrusive ads just because the adblocking add_on won't sync is why chrome loses two stars and is also why it is no longer my default browser.
should have had in built ad blocker feature like safari
do something about ads..
i would like to see some adds on like ads blocker.also chromecast support.
unable to block most of ads. should have a inbuilt plugin for ad block.
suddenly, i'm bombarded with ads in the middle of whatever i'm doing on my phone. i'm trying to follow the link to opt out, but got a message saying to do so on my desktop. why should i even have to opt out_ why have these ads started_ i just got another to pop up while typing this review_  i am very annoyed with this_
riddled with notorious ads, some of which cover the whole page without an option to close them_
be nice if google included ad blockers the way safari does because they ruin the internet experience. webpages load so stinking slow...
so bad, when no extension for block ads as pc
to all you morons saying it's loaded with pop_up ads, you do realize it's the web page you are visiting or a virus that has the ads, not chrome right_  get a brain.
the browser is good now and its fast plus the data saving is also good. one thing i'll recommend google is to block popups and ads
very vulnerable when visiting sites with impolite ads. the evil site owner can easily make your phone vibrating and ridden with dangerous pop up ads.
no ad blocking features.
very bad in some cases because it keeps opening ads that i don't want and it's getting really annoying now
great  app use it a lot for spelling and definitions but find the ads annoying
one if the stupid app _ ads . while i was swiping  down in page other unwanted page or ads were opening and i was losing my info .
im always getting ad hijacks that are so hard to get rid of
unacceptable amount of ads. uninstalling.
no adblock means awful, bloated, slow performance with extremely hard to close ads everywhere. embarrassing.
last few months not able to search or open links properly. it keeps redirecting to some ad website with name trade exchange. tried clearing cache and removed cookies. still not able to browse comfortably. hope chrome gets this correct. seems many are affected by same problem. but no solutions are available, the browser that gets this one corrected will be the winner in future. that's for sure.
when are you going to install ad blocks so that a person don't have to worry about these things as they on the web_ sometimes a person have to close multiple pages that they didn't requested. also google should have their own antivirus app to use alongside. only when a person use the mobile online so the app must be lite. in other words use cloud platform to have everything up to date with the latest protection from viruses. your app used to much cpu resources to the extreme. you need to reduce this.
every time i go to this browser, i get pop up ad saying i have a virus, and it wants me to download somerhing.
when will it be added to chrome mobile_ i'm tired with ads and popup...
why doesn't chrome have a home button on my n6_sprint_ on my lg g3 it is there. pleeeease put the home button on the nexus 6 chrome app. and why is this so so huge_ also, could do s better job at blocking some ads. every web page i get a full pop up ad_ disabling and going with adblocker.
good browser but loads of ads.
friends  install champ cash use sponser id 198075 best affiliate program to earn money by just referring to your friends. install app _ refer to friends _ earn unlimited funda is simple , we are giving money of advertisement. users installs the apps and advertisers pay us and we pay users. you can earn unlimited without investing any money...
google chrome browser for ads wtf ... please make it ads free.
this browser sucks when it comes to popups it doesn't even block those annoying anti virus and fake facebook and apple ads that are trying to steel you're money if you're not making you're pop up blocker better then il simply will stop using you're browser and go with firefox next time
whenever  i want to google something  i use this app. its light and cleen, simple to understand  and i usually  dont get too many ads like firefox. i recommend  this app to any user out there.
search results mostly return ads and apps.
some time ago no problem in using chrome at that time would have given 5 stars but now a days lot of ads pop up. must find a way to resolve it
please remove the advertising tired of it
ads keep poping up when i use the app and even when i open turn on my phone
please provide reader for articles like mobile safari. it should offer allows you to view news stories and other articles in a single clutter_free page. it should strip out the ads and extraneous layout and displays the article in a very easy to read, scrollable display.
unsolicited, intrusive ads slowing down the internet connection every where and every time
why google you are taking swipe_scroll over ads as click on it. it's toooo annoying
worst app ever...they should really call it ads instead of chrome cause that all u get when you use it
to many ads
please block the ads
it's good but it has more advertising pages opens without my request.
good browser with google integration if you like that sort of thing. about the only enhancement i want now is an ad blocking extension to match the desktop version. if you like chrome but don't need google then try yandex.browser
please add an adblock so that we dont get to see the disturbing annoying ads and popus..... plzz.. oyherwise its better than ever._
add a option to stop ad on the browsing page.
when are you going to install ad blocks so that a person don't have to worry about these things as they on the web_ sometimes a person have to close multiple pages that they didn't requested. also google should have their own antivirus app to use alongside. only when a person use the mobile online so the app must be lite. in other words use cloud platform to have everything up to date with the latest protection from viruses.
the one thing i hate the most at this browser is that it doesnt have in options _desktop mode_ like all the time to be desktop mode so i don't have to hit settings and make it myself . chrome market like on pc would help alot with those cursed ads and other things too. i hope that someone will actualy read this and i didn't waste my time.
realy i hate this browser, why no add on for ad block and pop block, when i opened browsing ad block that annoying. please block that. and to much take my memory.
as i open web pages no of ads come into browser telling that ur phone is got effected with virus what the hell is this plz add adblockers to ur browser then it would be good
if i was going to  swipe down .another web site was opening. i just hate this . and it was showing that download du  speed booster avast software............ when was doing my works . so remove this ads i will rate u s 5stars definitely
when are you going to install ad blocks so that a person don't have to worry about these things as they on the web_ sometimes a person have to close multiple pages that they didn't requested.
need some extensions. mainly the ad blocker.
chrome really needs to do a better job of security, especially with blocking pop ups. it is absolutely ridiculous how often i am fighting full on attacks from ads and spam. just tonight i was caught in a barrage of pop ups claiming i was busted by the federal govt for child pornography while trying to read about gemstones_ that is extremely bothersome, stressful to see, and such an established app really ought to have it under control. with the need for privacy_security, chrome has become obsolete trash.
click on a random app and chrome forces you to the play store or some website.  no doubt some forced advertising.  clearly time to switch away from android.
the only thing keeping me on chrome is its integrated chromecast support. its popup blocker is a joke_ it has a lot of little bugs that never get fixed_ and it has no add_on support. however, it is really good at popping open ads i didn't tap and taking me to the play store, but i'm sure that has nothing to do with google owning an ad network.
5 min. into my browsing session and it froze. 'chrome has stopped' report wait ok window comes up, i hit report. as i'm typing 'wtf, google_ why don't you spend some of the money from all these new advertisers and hire some people that know what they're doing_' it crashed again, window pops up. so i go back to my apps to uninstall update, and of course you control the world and i can't do that, nor can i tell you about it, because the crash report crashes before you can submit. haha_ submit_ perfect.
ad blocking is not working and if you open one site while loading the same in between one by one so many site open one by one. it is redirected to other site.
because i search in website is loading to stop and new ad search how it works i don't understand......
why on earth do i get more advertisement than i could handle
stupid pop_up ads every 30 seconds saying to claim a prize
it is getting very irritating. i am unable to open any web page due to advertisements. every time...._ fix it.
i have to remove updates since i can't remove you from my phone... then you annoy me with updates....and if i do updates and not give access permission you keep popping up and asking like an annoyance.... then if i give permission.... stupid ads keep popping up.... you totally suck_
doesn't block irritating ads at all_
works as advertised_
ads take up way too much data and risk exposure to malware.  if chrome doesn't support ad blockers, it's a deal breaker for me.
if you could, please test the chrome app a few times for any bugs. also, if possible, please let us block adds for a certain period of time if we really do not want to see them. you guys make a lot of money anyways, i'm sure sacrificing a few measly ads for not_so_popular items wouldn't be all that bad.
still janky as hell.  scrolling is actually somewhat improved... until it hits an ad or animation.  the fps drops to single digits and stutter is painfully obvious.  javascript performance is completely unacceptable and infuriating.  no excuse for this in 2015.
ads, ads, and more ads_ they cover half of the screen and make some pages almost unusable.  also, the tab management is clunky, and difficult to use. finding a bookmark you want is also a hassle
too much ads, please add plug_in that blocks ad, everytime i tap my screen another tab opens and shows ad or virus and crap, it's annoying, please make saomething like adblock plus
too many ads
hate hiw you guys now take up so much memory on my phone, you advertise fast exploration and well guess what_ that was acheived before when you didn't have so many add ons, you should offer 2 apps one alpha and beta, the beta having everything and the alpha havibg the basics,  let your users decide which one the want to implement as a solution and give back in that way. i am giving you guys 3 stars because of that.
ads are becoming maddening. had to move away from chrome. i'm now on firefox, all seems well and i have an ad blocker in place_
all ads
still janky as hell.  scrolling is actually somewhat improved... until it hits an ad or animation.  the fps drops to single digits and stutter is painfully obvious.  javascript performance is completely unacceptable and infuriating.  no excuse for this in 2015.  chrome team... i'm sorry... but you suck.
since the 5.1 update its absolute junk. why do the tabs have to be mixed in with every other active app_ it makes it so much more difficult to find anything now. i can't go more than a few pages without some sort of crash, ad popping up, or it just not working at all. google really f_ed with  this.
cant open a single site.... too many advertising sites pops out in  tabs please fix it
speed is alright as advertised but it doesn't fulfil the simplicity part. it can not be used with one hand
now ads are clicked even if you scroll through them. in fact coming into contact to any ad in anyway, specially google supported ones, auto clicks the ad. this is horrid.
there so many pop_up ads
while visiting trusted sites, i get redirected to harmful sites. i see google ads on pages powered by dnsunlocker. this only happens on the latest version of chrome, because when i uninstall the updates to chrome it don't happen, so i can confirm that this is 100_ chrome. fix it and i will give 5 star again.
great fast browser,  2 stars because so many ads get through.i want to use the internet not be bombarded with ads.  will pay _ for an ad free version
every time im on the inteenet some popup ad comes up and looks like its suposed to be a virus please fix it and.remove it
i love google _ everything about it but_ what is with all the darn ad pop ups_ since when do u folks have to have those_ when it happens i'm in the middle of something _ it covers the page _ most x's i can't get rid of the ad. please no more pop ups or i switch to mozilla firefox_ _note_ this is on my droid turbo ballistic _android ios_.i've also lost how to translate anything. i hve swedish friends _ hve no idea what they r sayin'. _ takes forever to load a page. fix it all_
google doesn't allow you to block ads. also lately i've had a little bit slower scrolling.  edit_ this stupid browser was backing up to previous pages that were long and putting you back where you came from beautifully but now when i'm browsing a tumblr page, go forward and then back up, it just dumps me somewhere not far from the top.
chrome used to be great on android, now i just get ads all the time when i browse and i have no way to block them. have moved to firefox.
it must have an ad blocking feature too because rapid increase of ads prevent users from browsing.
when browsing.. there are lot of on click ads in sites annoying... pls block the ads
chrome needs an ad blocker. it buries you in ads and runs slow including many little glitches because of it. sorry wish i could rate it higher google.
you would think an app this size would allow extensions. we need ad blocking_
i wrote quite a lengthy email using this browser. before sending the mail i minimize the browser and when i came back , maximize the browser, it just simply reload and i lost everything that i wrote. oh, there will be an ad, whenever i open it, minimize it or maximize it. opera mini is far more better.
devs say that blocking ads is bad for business. but what is abusive advertising_ it's unacceptable to try and read a webpage and among all the distracting animated banners, you have auto playing videos blasting crap full volume. unless chrome enables add_ons like the desktop version does, firefox will be my browser and because i need the sync throughout my devices, my computers will follow next.
devs say that blocking ads is bad for business. but what is abusive advertising_ it's unacceptable to try and read a webpage and among all the distracting animated banners, you have auto playing videos blasting crap full volume. unless chrome enables add_ons like the desktop version does, firefox will be my browser and because i need the sync throughout my devices, my computers will follow next.
adverts are a joke. it's the adverts on web pages that are causing chrome to crash. my galaxy s3 is so seriously struggling with the video adverts in pages it's not even funny. oh, and needs a nuclear power station to run it, not to mention a hyper evo 212 glued to my phone. and what the dickens have you done with the favourites_ they're syncing weirdly, like pinched from the stock browser _i know this because sync is off and i'm logged out_. foolish decisions..
i don't mind non_intrusive ads, but some of the websites i go to keeps redirecting me to ad pages, which i hate, as i have to cancel the whole tab and load the page again. its annoying.
chrome is now drowning in ads and stole a handy firefox front page feature.
annoying advertisements are poping up all the time. cannot block them. freezes my phone every 2 minutes
great browser, but could get added the ability to use lesser memory and battery life. also needs an ad blocker feature to block ads. thanks.
i decided to uninstall this stupid app that did nothing but pop up ads at random times, and whenever i press uninstall, it doesn't_ what did you guys to do my tablet_ and it keeps saying it crashes, even when i'm not using this dumb app_
as much as i love chrome, you should seriously add an ad filter _ i'm not saying block all ads just the popup ones that say _your phone has been hacked or has a virus_ it just ruins the whole experience.
i hate to say, i've been a chrome user since the beginning. but i've switched to firefox for my mobile browser. chrome mobiles lack of extensions is why. i'm so sick of ads and pop ups on chrome mobile. at the very least chrome needs built in ad block and work on its pop up features. wont be coming back til that gets fixed. supposed to care about security and what not, can't believe they've done nothing about it
there's ads that pop up and preventing me from browsing _ every where _ at every website _ then it's get me here to download unknown apps _ like secretbox _ _
when opening any page,a ad automatically appear tradeadblocker that prevents to open a site every time...pls fixx it..
its very fast and supported browser for me but it has 1 big big issue when downloading files there is no pause and resume option like windows or any other browser in android. big files are lost at 99_ if internet connection gone for 1 sec. we lose all the 99_ doenloaded file too. so i ll hope you ad this feature in next update. that will be a big boost to chrome ratings.
can't even download a song... too much ad...
wrost app only ads ads and ads remove ads
this one spam ad keeps showing up on every page i open.
this app has a virus and i get pops fr applenews....won a free phone or other pop_up sex ads....that can't be blocked.
when browsing.. there are lot of one click ads in sites annoying... pls block the ads
why_ why_ why_ do ads keep popping up even when i have them blocked_ why does every single page that i go to have an ad that comes up faintly over the screen_
i hate this app it always kicks me out of every sites and plz get rid of ads for sites plz do i will give u 3 stars
the ads have become so ridiculous now, they take up either my whole screen or pop out out of nowhere and start playing music its like the web back in ie days. also i use ad blocker plus extension on chrome on my laptop but since that option isn't available on mobile i've been forced to use the abp browser and firefox which block the intrusive ads. sorry chrome but you have become the ie of mobile browsers.
using too much cpu_ram and no ad blocker, uninstalled then
ads is the reason that i hate this app
please enable chrome extensions support......_ need to enable ad block extension. ads are annoying..._
every time i go on incognito mode literally thousands of ads pop up, it's really annoying. and it doesn't matter which website i'm surfing, if i search for something on google an add will pop up out of nowhere.
keep getting redirect ad please fix and don't like the new design please go but to the old design.
i loved this app but after updating to the lollipop it is not allowing to open multiple pages in one app. second problem is.. too many pop ups... too many malware and too many advertising... try uc browser which doesn't open commercial pop ups
internet browsing speed on chrome is good but chome is full with advertise and pop ups..
i had to clear cache, cookies, and advertising id then restart just to temporarily remove the _ad by eridanus_dns unlocker_etc._ all the time. exploits ran amok on chrome, yet support blames rogue apps. no solutions. just like the old ie. so congrats.
even if u so much as touch any advertisements it automatically pops up. sad but true.
i hope i will give zero star because i m not able to open any site because of lots of advertise
ads appear above my keyboard only in chrome and it's ridiculous. remove them
i always have an advert in the corner of my page stopping me from clicking on confirmation boxes
every single time i turn the tablet on, it comes up with this stupid advert claiming i've won money from tesco. go away google_
pop up doesn't get blocked, automatic redirects, sites infested with apps.. this browser doesn't give me the control i need to prevent sites automatically hijacking my browsing experience. my dad also uses this browser, and he always thinks there's a virus, only to find out its just an ad. uninstalled_
i'll be on some random website and out of nowhere a new tab opens and says on click pop up ad so annoying when i'm watching videos
my favorite thing about chrome_android app_ is the sync which is far better  than that of firefox. on the other hand in order to sign in  we have to use google account  in our phone. also sometimes the browser hangs.  oh there is no extensions_plugin support as google wants to get ad revenues.i simply rooted my phone and used adaway to combat it
it was better now that speaking before the browser can not surf the net just get on a page and we lag hellish and full of ad sites and otherwise fix the problem junkuri give 5 stars
chrome does not have the capacity to block ads. it does not support extensions... many other browsers like uc browser exploit this by giving their ads telling that the phone is infected by viruses or something like that... need a lot of improvement on this.
hope i'm not blaming chrome inadvertently for something else. usually works five star fine, but running into broken https websites. examples,  netflix and  the state's dmv.gov. have screen print.this is extremely concerning as warning message shows hackers are trying to get my info. googled problem and it shows chrome is the reason or is somebody really trying to hack me. either this app deserves 5 stars for catching this or something not working right. p.s. run outlook and received replacement samsung rece
this for me is the best one, but what the hell there is no exit botton or even if, i back it for infinite times, it doesn't lol this is very annoying. importantly, there is no way accessing or checking the downloads and you can only access it thru notifications and mostly everytime i download something nothing happens not a single file starts downloading 0_. simple problems and yet it occurs_ kindly ad a way to exit or botton and add the download option in settings so we can access it efficiently_ tsk tsk.
too much annoying.ads, other websites opening by their own alltime.i loved it but not anymore
hundreds of ads thousands of redirects to play store. firefox _ uc is 100 times better than this ad browser.
i am being redirected to ads only on chrome. many people has complaint about this in chrome help forum. but how  can google remains silent on such a safety vulnerability. come on google don't be a zero 0
please create an option for blocking ads
it used to be great but ever since i updated an ad keeps popping up. and i can't even access a url from another app because the ad keeps popping up.
suggestion_ have you thought about bringing the chrome web store to mobile_, that would be great, think about the possibilities, to be honest... we desperately need themes and ad_block, yeah _  we're bored of that plain old white and that plain old grey in incognito, and ads that create new tabs right when we do our favorite things, and seriously chrome, you need to lose some weight. _
google doesn't allow you to block ads. also lately i've had a little bit slower scrolling.
ads for every single page per click_
any time ads ..if i went any page its automatically went another ads...
google, why do you struggle to implement material design with your own apps whereas third parties apps accomplish this_ why no fab_ would be wonderful to have a fab to open new tabs rather than digging through the settings. would add that final material design touch. also, seems to have this annoying issue lately of selecting links _such as ads or imbedded videos_ if i touch them while scrolling down a webpage with my finger. almost woke my newborn_ wtf_
needs to add an exit button, and have an ad blocker.
whenever i opened some website, all the ads pops up. chrome should enhance their security feature for malware.
some unwanted web ads automatically opened and very irritating...
chrome works perfectly fine except for the annoying ads and pop ups. it doesn't let me download any file and says my phone has got virus. fix it
good job chrome, suck all my internet data. no downloading, no youtube and no online video , only check my facebook but you took too much internet data, ads came out,  how could you do that_  im change to uc browser now goodbye chrome
webpages are not opening_ shows that sites contains viruses _ opens advertisement on every page in htc desire 820_ always opens advertising pages or says contains virus or to upgrade version of phone
please block the ads or tell me how to block the ads
it could be faster if we didn't had so many ads loading in the background
lots of ads inside website using javascript's_ i turn off the javascript function to prevent ads.
heavy, slow, lot of data consuming, lot of pop up ads. used to be better. _note 4_ android 5.1.1
fast now, but advertisement pop ups keeps troubling
hate the ads about update _ batter drain.
redirecting into advertiser site without permission it really _
doesn't block any ads, even full screen ones. i would suggest ghostery instead.
it works so nice on my pc but here in the phone it only shows ads every link i click is full of adds the page cant be seen and even if i touch the scree. it goes to some other website and ia ao irritating plz fix that adblock works on desktop and laptop bt nt here_
ads appear above my keyboard only in chrome and it's ridiculous. remove them
pls fix your ads block, its need a stronger one since its getting very annoying when i open a link, its keep changing to ads.i already turn on your ads block but it didnt effect at all. if the ads open in new tab i can handle it, but no. its open in the same tab i open a link so i have to keep pressing return button.. the only way to stop it, if i turn off my java script, and thats is very inconvenient.hope you fix it, since there is a browser that have a stronger ads block im sure you can fix it right_
please add that feature 'coz i'm sick of annoying ads _ _ no wonder why other users turned to firefox due to lack of extension.
i want an ads blocker and chromecast support_
every possible pop_up ad will pop_up and redirect you to some sketchy stuff. google is all about allowing you to be tracked and letting those ads through. its not surprising that sketchy people will abuse it and make chrome their breeding pool.
continuous ad websites open without any permission.  do something about it
chrome is way much better in the pc's but on android is way beyond perfect.. the pop up ads is so annoying and sometimes i have to force stop chrome just to get away from that annoying ads.. please, this is an awesome search engine application and you have to figured a way about those ads. for now i changes my star to three.. thanks.
when i am go to search on something it gives me a strange ads page .. can fix it. _
it could be a great at if you guys add on a ad blocker or let us download adons like mozilla does
so much bugs _ ad's.. irritating one google has to stop this ad's.
the browser is absolutely fantastic_ however certain websites have taken to blasting our phones with full screen picture_video ads with miniscule close buttons meaning we're more likely to click the ad than the close button. one star until policy is changed or plugin functionality _for, say, adblock_ is added.
i know this sacrilege, but you guys are not as _good_ as you used to be. and i want to use duck duck go as my default search engine, as i'm not a fan of advertising. go with flow, follow your credo of old _ and don't be evil _ in this case, by selling our information. give us the opportunity to choose, at the very least.
as far as i can tell this app can not run extensions like ghostery and adblock, which have basically become mandatory for enjoyable browsing thanks to how advertising has been handled in recent years.
when ever i try to use a certain app, a ad for uber or something stupid game keeps popping up in chrome. will give 5 stars when fixed.
needs to add an exit button, and have an ad blocker.
it generally blocks pop_up ads, but not less disruptive ads. it should block flash or video ads but unfortunately doesn't. it has features like _request desktop site_ and a good integration with google search, a very clean interface where nothing gets in the way of your browsing _top bar disappears when you scroll_. it's easy to use and syncs bookmarks with the desktop app. sadly no extensions unlike the desktop version though. also includes an incognito mode, which wipes history, cookies when closed.
please add ad block function
ad type google redirecting links are literally annoying
i always use chrome for web browsing. lately i've been getting a lot of pop up ads saying i have a virus or my android is at risk blah blah blah.. i uninstalled updates and it changed. i still get the ads but it asks before it pops up what program i want to use to open _internet or chrome_ i press the back button and it doesn't show me the ad. this is better than the actual ad popping up but it is still very annoying.
no built in adblock. very annoying ads pops up from some website make your browsing run slow
everything is good but no ad block option and top sites menu like firefox.please add these two and get five star...
its the fastest browser out on the app store. i've tested 4 different browsers and everytime chrome comes at the top. its not that its fastest only once, the results which i got were consistent, sometimes better. 'opera' was the only browser which got closer to it but it had slow app launch time. chrome is still the best the only problem i have is there is no way to block ads. please add ad blocking feature
nowadays 8 out of 10 website has ads and pop up, every browser has method against it, except chrome. browsing while facing annoying ads, pop ups and weird redirects that's how it is on chrome.
i used to use chrome for every device. lately the ads are getting to be too much. 10_15 ads on a screen, do not track is ignored and google eliminating ad blocking from mobile. we have paid for the devices, let us use them.
lots of advertisements now a days. keeps on saying it needs update, its outdated on motorola xt1033
there are ads all the time and when i try to click on something it doesn't work and no my tablet is not broken_
bombarded with ads.... can't even browse.... its a joke.... uninstalling and using ad blocker browser....
dont update_ immediately i updated i used chrome and now very slow to load pages even home page and has many ads pop up_  full of bugs after update supposedly fixes bugs i hadnt even noticed anyway_ no good now at all for my budget android. have to finally quit chrome totally on mobile as just continues growing a bigger memory hog. very snobbish of google to continue to ignore budget phones surely a lite version much smaller in size wouldn't be too hard please _
popping many ads...navigation slow...cannot save...
too much ads and pop ups that make my browsing to annoying bc is always sending me to unrequested pages and loading a lot of ads.... why dont just include  a plugin for this like in the pc version.... instead i end up downloading another browser .... just one star until they can provide a solution included on the browser...
just keeps redirecting, pop up ads make it even worse...just hate it
why is there no add ons_ does not block ads or pop ups and that is really annoying.. adios.
love the browser, wish i wasn't flooded by ads_ sometimes can't see the page i wanted for so many ads, popping in from everywhere.
chrome should add adblock add on on mobile browser too .internet is full of annoying ads .
too many ads
i love it how advertisments suddenly pop up on websites where there werent any advertisments before. and the best part is that those beautiful ads cover up nearly half my screen. thank you. can you try making the ads bigger, i dont need to read those reports, i just want to see more ads
i love it how advertisments suddenly pop up on websites where there werent any advertisments before. and the best part is that those beautiful ads cover up nearly half my screen. thank you. can you try making the ads bigger, i dont need to read those reports, i just want to see more ads
ads are always there
not sure if you guys are being haters but when i try to use yahoo search it wont work but i try to use google and its very fast. right now i choose yahoo because google is full of ads and spam thats why.
i know google makes a lot of money from ads so it wants you to see all those ads. all those ad banners or ad billboards or ads you can _x_ away only to have more pop up. but as good as chrome is performance wise, you are ruining it by not allowing people the option to turn ads off. i would rather use another browser than put up with ads. i like android but i will stop using it before looking at billboards of ads. chrome needs an ad_blocker. asap.
get ad blocker. i've blocked pop ups and blocked ads. but i still get loads of them. i also get redirected a lot what bugs me
there are many ads that force us to install any application, to visit porn site, and i don't want childern see them. my little brother use chrome too on his phone and i'm afraid that he will see some bad ads when surfing the internet_
i am not able to browse because of ads please help.
chrome the browser is superb. unfortunately, its versatility is marred by the propensity of malicious ads to auto_subscribe to premium services using the messaging option. at times, there isn't even any click on the offending ad, somehow it hijacks the messaging process. and, it isn't on any shady site, its on some inconspicuous but otherwise 'reputable' sites. simple solution_ the browser itself must contain the ability for the user to switch off the messaging option.
not blocked popup _ page ads _
ads are disturbing me during browsing please solve the problem
can someone from the team here help me opt out of the google ads. it keeps popping up the moment i open any app and is extremely frustrating. please help.
when i am opening google chrome other sites are opening and i m unable to work. there r very much ads please tell the solutions for it
webpages are not opening_ shows that sites contains viruses _ opens advertisement on every page in htc desire 820_ always opens advertising pages or says contains virus or to upgrade version of phone
hang, lagged, cannot block ads.. please fix it
lots of ads
if you want pop up ads that you can't close this is the browser for you. if you want to actually read articles, i'd go with a different browser.
i updated to the current chrome. i didn't like it because it seemed to allow a lot more ads. uninstalled updates where it wouldn't even work now no matter how many times i reinstall update it says chrome has stopped and spams that notification
works as advertised_
so many ads, slow, buggy...can't sync with chrome on my pc.
with a touch on the link firstly come up ads, add blocker not work, kindly do something
i'm on a mobile device and i noticed advertising i don't know if it is my settings or the website i'm browsing, ,,
_alex you have you get the address bar out, tap the ... button and there should be options for new tabs or private tabs.            other than that, perfect as alway_ been a chrome user since i find the browser, there was also another type of browser related to chrome that is ad free, i can remember the name no more. the tabs was a bit confusing, but it was easy to figure out.
misses the most vital thing in a browser _ an ad blocker. bit of a memory hog too. no text reflow , limited zoom. shame, it could be a good browser otherwise. ok for sites that don't have  ads.i use uc browser for everything else.
i've got two problems with my chrome_ first problem is that i can't block ads _invades my phone_ and the second problem_ where is chrome store_ i need that.
pinned my hope for too long and refused to let go . but google is just ads company who wants to make money by ads only . no ad blocker support for years. no add_on support nothing truly. great new ui but can't personalize speed dials. you just had to mess things up .good bye chrome
used to be the best by far. now can be slow to load _ render pages. tiresome how it inconsistently deals with adverts and pop_ups. much of it may well be down to the websites, after all advertising is how google gets paid. that said, seriously frustrated with the browsing experience and looking elsewhere. google need to innovate, as they did when chrome was released.
any website open time advertising automatically remove adservice another browser not issue
need ad block feature for browsing
uselss, slow, buggy, freezes, won't close,adverts that totally cover screen unable to bookmarks from home screen, terrible
1._lagged, hang, bugs. 2._and in google, there is force close_banned to your different search. even if you force it to slide it up or down, you can see what is happening. next is 3._youtube_ it must improve the video _up to full hd or 4k support_, settings etc.. 4._improve speed_ performance 5._improve your programs 6. fix all your programs 7._ remove ads _block doesn't work_ 8._ improve everything. but not work i think
big problem in terms of mobile browsing the advertisements are becoming rediculous and almost sucks to use on a mobile when it makes millions of pop ups and hijack the browser someone needs to put and end to this
where do i start_  all kinds of things that are available on other browsers that chrome doesn't have_  extensions _wouldn't be as much of an issue if it had some of the other things_.  no ad blocking. low degree of configurability.  over all, it's horrible compared to chrome for desktop.
pull down to reload just gets in way of use. the 'x' that let you stop loading a page, i can't tell you how many times the page has been loaded enough to use but if loads all the way goes to an advertisement that continuously reloads if i try to get back to the page i opened. put the x back in the main control bar.
i have no issue with the usability of the app until i try toggling between tabs and inadvertently enter a rave from how bad the screen starts to flicker. fix this please_
too many ads
i hated it, it does not deserve even 1 star rating, soo many ads soooooooooo many ads
hate bloatware. could be an awesome app but we pay hundreds for larger memory capacities in our phones only to have crap forced on them_ false advertising is immoral_
i can't view any web page any more, lots of ads appear in each single time i browse the net for most of sites
it doesn't block ads it is worst browser i suggest to download uc browser
getting popup ads everytime i used it
any app i open in my device i see an pop_up ad. its ok for me if the comes naturaly in the app but it constantly pop_up even in the middle of the game. its frustatingly annoying. i hope we can earn something from all the ads i see
this is a nice and quick browser. but it's so eager to register clicks on google ads, that it's impossible to scroll past one without opening it. only 3 stars because of that constant aggravation.
how do i get the pop up ads to stop_ .their everywhere please help
substandard, full of ads. hate it now.
kept getting phony facebook pages saying i had 'won' an iphone. then i would have an ad for one anti_virus or another. couldn't easily back out and get to the page i wanted. of course, i also get many pop_up ads from the google playstore nearly every time i try to open any app that i'm unable to stop. thanks so much, google_ droid turbo
i keep getting attacked with pop up ads and the mcafee site advisor security page. can't even check my personal emails anymore without getting attacked. fix is immediately requested.
i switched to firefox so i can block flash ads that eat my data.
seriously consider putting in an adblock in chrome. ads eat up a lot of data.
seem to get ads when i quit now. uninstalling
this lack of extensions really make browsing experience extremely painful with all the popup ads and generic control over content.
ads and strange websites keep popping out when im using google chrome, very annoying
1._lagged, hang, bugs. 2._and in google, there is force close_banned to your different search. even if you force it to slide it up or down, you can see what is happening. next is 3._youtube_ it must improve the video _up to full hd or 4k support_, settings etc.. 4._improve speed_ performance 5._improve your programs 6. fix all your programs 7._ remove ads _block doesn't work_ 8._ improve everything. but not work i think
i can't remove ads covering the page and not being able to is keeping me from finishing my homework.
it recently started crashing like crazy, i can't keep a page open for ten seconds without it closing on me. reinstalling now to see if that fixes it, but if not then i'll have to look for a different browser. also please add ad block.
no ad block ffs
too much pop up advertising. and those advertising occupy half of the screen. every time i scroll down will wrong press ths advertising zone. finally i need to backward the page and load again. what is the point to make such big advertising zone but user finally don't want to see_ i have never think of google create this bad browser before.
more ads _ trackers in pages _ higher data bandwidth and more battery drain.
god please fix...ads are showing popping and being directed to ads pages.. i even tried to restore my phone and tried again installed unistalled and used many ways please fix whatever it is
great browser but due to lack of extensions i no longer rely on it. mobile ads are so terrible _full_screen takeovers, nearly impossible_to_hit close gadgets_ that i have been forced to use an inferior browser that supports ad_blocking.
new update freezes up my phone and every time i unlock my phone an ad pops up. i thought it was an app i downloaded but turned out it was chrome. fix this crap or i will be deleting this app_
i alway use chrome as default browser but now recent tab icon removed, very slow on  downloads and no option to block pop ups it irritateting while opening a link or browsing local sites alway shows red box, onclick ads and consump time and as well as data need to fix
can't even use it cause so many ads pop up
just too full of ads. sick of starting to read something only for the page to jump as yet another ad pops onto the screen. adblockers make it worse
just curious... why no fab_ would be wonderful to have a fab to open new tabs rather than digging through the settings. would add that final material design touch. also, seems to have this annoying issue lately of selecting links _such as ads or imbedded videos_ if i touch them while scrolling down a webpage with my finger. almost woke my newborn_ wtf_
why u people are updating this shit_ the condition is this that i feel afraid when i use chrome by mistake. bcz it doesn't open the web and instead of web browsing it does every thing like promoting ads and detecting virus in phn.... lol.....
this is a pretty good browser and is usually fast. it would be nice if chrome had some kind of ad and pop up blocker.  way too often i click the wrong thing by accident and end up on another page. also, how about a faster way to access your bookmarks_ dolphin allows you to swipe left to get them,  which is very convenient.
webpages are not opening_ shows that sites contains viruses _ opens advertisement on every page
every site i visit is full of creepy ads. switching to uc
but toomuch ads disturbing. pls fix this
ads is opened automatically
do some thing for those ads interfering in browsing .. ontherwise i'll uninstall this app.
1._lagged, hang, bugs. 2._and in google, there is force close_banned to your different search. even if you force it to slide it up or down, you can see what is happening. next is 3._youtube_ it must improve the video _up to full hd or 4k support_, settings etc.. 4._improve speed_ performance 5._improve your programs 6. fix all your programs 7._ remove ads _block doesn't work_ 8._ improve everything. but not work i think
these days for some sites it automatically redirects to ad type google and subsequently to other sites.
can someone from the team here help me opt out of the google ads. it keeps popping up the moment i open any app and is extremely frustrating. please help.
few ads in some websites, shows some pop out ads, which we can't cancel and redirects to other pages_play store.
rubbish keeps blocking searches with ad for chrome update but will not update
i use this app, it is a bit bloaty, i like the features i just feel that google and their ads on everything _ can do better. could be that i expect too much.
why take away the tab button, the reason chrome was set apart from other browsers was the use of multiple tabs to run at the same time,  now it's exposed as an average browser with no ad block
always ad redirect very bad and annoying
there should be a feature of ad block
plenty of ads showing up but no images_  please fix
completely sucks... it was continously freezin... i ve uninstalled the update till that bug get fixed... also do sth with these fully anoyin ads as you ve done in desktop version..
why does it have to download for 34 minutes_ i barely would give you like five stars if you would make the downloading time lesser. and pls. if there are ads. _i seriously hate ads._ pls fix. i am only insulting to help you improve your app.
if you put in an ad blocker then it would literally be the perfect browser, or the ability for mobile ad on options like uc browser,  but until then uc browser is far superior.
i can't switch tabs anymore_ i can't view all the tabs opened even though i could 'open new tab' and 'open new secret tab'_ what's the point_ thankfully i haven't met with pop up ads because i'd be more furious. i checked the support faq but i don't have any buttons or icons to switch tabs_ i'm on note3. ridiculous update_ bring back the tab features_
big fan of chrome but had to disable it cos of ad type google error repeatedly. tried installing anti virus and adblocker etc everything. nothing worked. anyways downloading opera browser. if problem there as well then switching to ios phone
slows down all websites now. especially bad when ads are shown.
google really hit a 180 with this update..its horrible, the seperate window tabs use too much memory and ends up crashing and slowing down the whole phone,it doesnt block the annoying ads and pop ups..i rather have the previous version...come on google _
everytime you click on a page anywhere ads pop up and most of them are porn ads. why did google's so called geniuses put it on stock roms of every android phone. makes me wish i should've gone for a windows phone. that way i could keep kids away from this horrible thing called chrome.
the sites lag even though chrome and android itself are just fine.the lack of ad blocker is definitely a huge con. and increased  font size doesn't apply to all text.
to many ads, i hate it i'm downloading fire fox
where have the tab function gone to_ i can no longer see or create new tabs easily with the swipe of a finger. cant block ads at all w no addons. seeing all the annoying ads really is annoying me_ not sure if we're updating or downgrading chrome here. seems like i'm using ie instead.
really this app sucks man it only gives ads of f_ uc browser
gonna need another browser because of the shitty ads
i'm wondering what the point in having a browser even is lately, since half the internet is demanding javascript enabled and no_few mobile browsers have that. also, memory consumption and huge filesize. it lags and is slow, plus is spyware for google ad algorithms. nah. uninstalling.
frequently get a blank screen after webpage loads, hogs a ton of space, constantly bombarded with ads and every time you switch tabs, you have to wait for the page to reload.
doesnt let me open any app these days. . thousand ads come up and den keeps throwing a pop_up that phone is infected and gets redirected to some other site
wtf. why does it keep saying there is a virus in my phone and these ads pop up all the time its annoying, this app is shit.not even worth a penny.if i could i would give it a 0 star.useless piece of junk.
what abt ad virus. how to remove it.
please include an add_on to block unwanted and irritating ads. i can use other browsers but i like chrome. so please include an ad blocking add_on asap. till then 2 stars.
kept filling pc with spyware had to get avg also doesn't change home page back to google so thats why im using firefox now_ firefox has adons where you can have themes ad blockers youtube downloaders with private fast dwnloads i even have a gmail adon. if you made downloads private where nobody is using the same download server i would not have firefox recommend firefox use firefox and i really would have chrome on my devices
pls protect us from site that redirect us to watch ads, renew wasap thing.
the amount of ads popping up is beyond 'over_the_top'......uninstalling_
i hate it when m already occupied and need to open a link which won't open at once because there are much important ads to disturb my work.
chrome tabs have moved_ this is the worst idea ever_ i constantly close all of my phone apps using the overview screen, in attempt to save battery, now that will mean i close all separate internet pages too_ rubbish. and who doesn't want 1 apps pages all in 1 place_ rather than scattered here and there. wish i'd never updated. also constantly bring bombarded with ads now, taking me to other sites
no way to block websites or ads on android_
how to block ads
it's too hard to handle browser stops anytime ... too much ads in it ..
every time  i search ,. it's just shows the ads pops etc
it's a ram hogger, loads a page and hangs as it finishes. very non responsive. can't access the the stop button since most of the time, the loaded page has what you need, it hangs as it loads flash ads and such. the pop up blocker is mostly ineffective. firefox has added add_ons like ad block but it also lags. seriously chrome needs a lite version. samsung galaxy s7392
1._lagged, hang, bugs. 2._and in google, there is force close_banned to your different search. even if you force it to slide it up or down, you can see what is happening. next is 3._youtube_ it must improve the video _up to full hd or 4k support_, settings etc.. 4._improve speed_ performance 5._improve your programs 6. fix all your programs 7._ remove ads _block doesn't work_ 8._ improve everything. but not work i think
too much ads make this browser almost useless...
awful_ ads block are making not to view any sites please change this..
leaves much to be desired with poor performance and no ad or pop up blocking options.
add addons options.the ads are annonying and irritating.plz add addons option
my top complaint is the inability to copy from the address bar anymore. i don't care if i can 'share'.  call me old fashioned but i like to put links in emails and that is the easiest way. ad blocking sucks_doesn't exist. we had tabs, now we don't have tabs. incognito was easy to access, now it is not. how about just sticking with a format, not reinventing the wheel on every update. apart from that, i like how my browsing is integrated into my google now cards.
banner ads always had a way to cover left and top side of sites i visit. effectively covering menu and navigation. or maybe just add function to hide object _
it crashes all the time and it keeps redirecting. no way to block ads.fix it_
why the freaking heck would u add more ads the playstore is just as bad none cares about your stupid ads u guys why would u add them that is stupid
best web browser you can ever encounter. should add an add on to block ads.
i never ever ever want a web page to take me to the app store for anything. e.v.e.r. please do something about app_store advertisement hijacks. let me turn them off or whatever.
really whenever i use this now a stupid shopping assistant pops up and i keep getting transfered to ad sites and spammed. not using until i can effectively block this like on desktop
webpages are not opening_ shows that sites contains viruses _ opens advertisement on every page
too many advertisements in this browser. it's very annoying.
i like chrome but the ads kill it. it always opens at least 3 or 4 other tabs for ads when i open the simplest of sites
stupid update, now it nags about full screen video, has more ads on websites that you cant get out off. fullscreen video no longer works on my favorite sites. its too much. i have the beta installed, so i know of all this problems.
please bring back the last version. this update sucks. cant watch streaming video because ads keeping popping out of the screen. and while searching app freeze and i dont why. i think this update is made for only android kitkat phone. please consider other phone for them to use this great app before this update.
yep blocking ads is impossible
it's getting worse_ it needs power almost double requires on firefox. it drains battery like batsh_t crazy_ no ad_block either. ads are poppin' up and they are so annoying_
links from google now redirecting to adverts. annoying_
while this works for web browsing, i find that a lot of places still show a lot of advertising on mobileweb and most obscure relevant information.   i want to install ad_blocking extensions but that isn't supported _ which makes the app useless to me.
ads keep coming up on this app before i even request anything_
browser is fine, light weighted but no option to block ads..no adons available
... but using it on the phone is no easy task. i'm all about speedy internet browsing, so a more efficient app is the app for me. plus ads keep popping up, block my view of the actual website. chrome on the computer is much easier to navigate.
removed ability to either just download an image _using google search_ or even copy its direct url. so if you just want to post, say, a silly meme, you have to go to the page, which is likely littered with ads, try to find it, and even then may not be able to use it. such a huge pain_ it also takes up more space than ever_why_ i don't need _50_ of my last session saved_ or whatever it is_ probably more google just recording your personal usage data to an even more perverse degree_ use another browser_
doesn't close from task bar.   sometimes doesn't respond.         force closes self.                         closes my tabs.      wish there was way to block all the ads that flash and vibrate phone like crazyy.   sometimes doesn't download stuff like pictures.                                   please fix google.
you need one more thing please just try to add the ad on feture .
how on earth is chrome over 30 mb_ this is a very basic, generic browser. no special features. no save page, no in_app screenshot system, no ad blocker, no qr scanner, no widgets, no themes, no user agent, nothing. i don't see why it has to be anything more than 10 mb. i'm sure this review will be overlooked by google. but i must say, when it comes to optimization, google is a complete failure_
if there's one place where being able to have an active adblocker is critical, it's on a mobile device, where ads are far more disruptive and time consuming. not cool, chrome, not cool.
but changing tabs is difficult now in the new version. and no way to block ads
ad blocks pop up on every other loading page.its very irritating.  please try to fix it. its a major problem.
after the update, when trying to open a website, automatically some ad tries to open and then an error page is displayed. please fix the bug soon
ads everywhere. extremely slow and non_responsive. freezes all the time. i love chrome, but i will have to switch to something else for mobile.
i hate that ads that youve showin on me , because its erupting me when im using wifi or data , please fix it
bloody hell,iam being bombarded with ads like crazy,pop_ups are hampering all the sites at every click,all except google obviously.yuck_
ever since i updated it it shows me ads every 5 minutes. even in other apps_ wtf is this piece of_ sh_t_
lots of ads
ads ads ads everywhere_
not working at all on my galaxy s duos. as soon as i open any site it take me to some ad site and ask me to download certain apps. pls help in solving this problem.
ever since the new update i keep getting spammed. ads will pop up and theres no way to stop them
i really have to laugh at all these people crying that chrome is such a bad browser. you can't put good software on junk phone and expect it to work properly. i have an lg g2 with lollipop and it works absolutely flawlessly. it is the fastest browser i have ever used. yes, i get ads too but i just click out of them. no big problem. maybe you need an attitude upgrade. have a great day.
block ads they  pop at the worst times
ads pay for your buisness, but they are annoying. also tracking and themes_ why is chrome so gimped right now_
chrome on android should be the best browser for the os, but it is the worst i've used. it is painfully slow due to the ad  bombardment, and the page is always shifting after i start reading because it is still loading. every... other... browser... trumps it. kind of pathetic.
whenever i click on any link or try to open new website it directly opens ad
its a ok browser at the moment but the things that need fixing are_  memory hogging, need to add an exit button, and have an ad blocker.
wont let me update.. these ads wont go away..google wake up
can't block ad, can't print any web page and its not smoother like firefox browser.
it makes my mobile slow_ and also it hasn't any ad blocker_ it is very bad thing....  please fix the problem and add ad blocker.
it gets slower and slower, full of ads... and when i try to open new tabs, it opens new windows itself... ... whats wrong with you guys_ you are updating or downdating_ thats not funny at all...
chrome is really getting old and dumb. allowing all kinds of shut to get through even when having 6 blockers. it's pitiful. i've used it since it came out and now i'm looking to get another browser because of the constant foreclosing, ad pops, especially that imminent bullshit. if that was blocked from google and the blockers actually did what it said, i would stay with chrome. it is easy to use, simple, and it has all needed to be the best browser.
i would like to be able to use duckduckgo search instead of the preselected four search providers you force your mobile users to use. your desktop product supports the freedom of choice, why not mobile_ ad revenue and companies paying to be included in those four choice's is probably that reason. extensions should also be enabled for mobile chrome, firefox for android supports it and i'm considering the move as chrome for android is extremely locked down.
i hate all the ads because i can't be able to see what's in the internet.
i used to love chrome now these shopping assistant pop ups keep happening non stop and i can't stand it. these ads redirect you, and make pages load very slowly. i am switching to a browser that actually blocks ads.
since i updated it, it is super fast with no ads which i appreciate_thank you_
blocking of ads can make it 5_5.
please remove all advertisment and please be more faster
introduce some ad blocking ad_ ons so that original website should get opened not the ads
memory hog and need to add an exit button and ad blocker.
hate the ads
no way to ads
you would think that chrome running on android would be the fastest browser, not true. this quickly became the slowest app on my tablet. it frequently locked up or just ran extremely slowly. my main complaint is the lack of an ability to lock it into 'desktop mode'. the increased advertising and popups on mobile sites requires desktop mode anymore. one additional note_ the update that removed the ability to export bookmarks was the final nail in chrome's coffin, for me.
i am being bombarded with advertising and pop ups to install apps. not happy.
i don't get why the file size getting bigger every update. it takes much  space in my phone. moreover, this version is way slower than the previous one. and one more thing, can't chrome block ads like in uc browser_
ads, ads, ads every where and shut my chrome off_ boooooo_
handles ads terribly. goes slow and sometimes freezes. your own fault since you blocked ad_blockers on android
my chrome browser as well as connected apps are 7x faster after update run smoother, haven't had any crash issues, and still no controlling bloatware as well as in browser about _browser_ pop ups or _ad blocker_ like others claim to have. those are ads and nothing is being blocked by those other apps, at least chrome isn't misleading, and ads that do show are select website ads and not browser controlled. thanks google chrome for a honest, solid, speedy, easy to use browser.
pissed with the _automatic_ ad, it wastes my browsing time
its fast responsive and i can block ads its just as good as on my laptop. and it works good on my tablets as well
i used to love this browser, but lately all i get ia the _aw, snap_ message. just let whatever part of the page that didn't load alone, because it was probably an ad anyway, and let me continue doing whatever i was doing.
warning........this is one of the apps that spy on you and listen in on your  conversations.....i hace conversations that i have not googled and then i get suggestions or ads on facebook about things that i have been watching on tv or talking about....ver interesting. google if this is incorrect then explain what has been happening
more ads block the page
to many ads,  i hate them in the middle of the page
it's super slow because of all the ads that come through.
it is less effective in. blocking. ads. u should introduce ad block with this browser as there is an extension named ad block plus in pc version such extension must be introduced
ads ads ads every where. does chrome not block them_
since the update, flooded with ads from sites i previously would receive little to no ads from.
so far i love how fast, and easy it is.  just need to add an exit button and ad blocker.
ever since i've updated to the new version... there has been a lot of advertisements popping up...._ fix this issue asap_
i hate this ads
plz plz plz provide an exit key....and also an option to block ads
to many advertisements its so irritating..n why the hell with these advertisements forcing me too download apps this is happening since i have updated.
why is too ads and pushing and spam especially new update  simply now ab security risk for your personnel details  google will you do somethin to stop or just keep an eye on making money on putting people at risk and unable use this app _
with no add on option, that leaves us with tons of junk ad, which is google way of earning money..
it has two many google ads. also the software keeps closing down. please fix now
ads ads everywhere.such a annoying app.
speed is slow and hangs regularly also no ads blocker. .
i love google chrome, it's been the best option for me so far.. but i'm not crazy about the new tabs system, i don't like pressing_touching the options physical button to see my tabs mixed with all the other aps i have open. i also wish there was a way to stop all those pop ups and unwanted ads.. oh not mentioning scams...
i cant take the ads anymore_ they take up more than half the screen, plus pop ups_ its like internet explorer in the 90's_ off to firefox now......
thanks, for allowing us to turn off images and javascript which firefox lacks. now i can browse website with maximum data saving. _ and yeah never bothered about ads since i have adaway installed.
well i like this browser but i hate thrre so many ads show up on browser. pls block ads. _
ads every time didn't make me to able to use it
no way to block ads .its slow
there are so many ads on your browser. please look into this issue seriously.
ads all over and can't even scroll on page until pop up add finish loading at the bottom
some sites just keep popping ads and urls
really fast and no ads
this is the shity browser ever seen in my life too slow hangs a lot can't even block ads seriously if someone from google will come in front of me i will fuck that person or maybe kill it
too many advertisements that you show, chrome_
no way to block ads.
this updation is better than previous.. now its run fastly.. but i want more than this like uc browser.. here more important thing are missing  1. save page and 2. ad block option.. developers please take care our needs..
this browser used to be so fast and responsive. what happened_ can't block ads and isn't extensible. time for another browser. maybe i will revisit in a few months.
i wish i could block ads more. but overall it's chrome is good
as always, chrome is awesome...however ad block by chrome is just ineffective vs. intrusive and determined pop_ups. i wish i didn't have to install a 3rd party blocker but i have to.
every day i get pop up adverts which are annoying.  some say your device has a virus, others say congratulations you have won an ipad_ seriously needs sorting out as i cannot delete chrome off my phone_
sir its showing several ads and redirecting me into other pages and showing devies with full of virus so plz give me a solution plz
google use to be good till you force push ads if i want an app i will get it you need to change the way you work google
ads_ chrome is giving its own ads
takes up way too much space for a browser that doesn't block ads. updating now because it keeps crashing.
no way to block ads. too many ads_ fix and i'll be happy_
i have made firefox my default browser.  why_  i can block overlay video ads on android.  fix this i will come back... as performance is better with chrome but proper ad blocking is more important at this time
lots of ads....n now after new update u will open a link n redirected to some ad type.google page n den u cnt go  back even... rubbish
a lot of ads,
horrible  right  now  ads keep  popping  up  had tech check  phone  no issue  on my part_
cmon guyz even after u made a food app_browser_why don't you guyz give us a ad blocker.please we need ad blocker
lot of ads, and viruses about upgrading android
cannot use any link now with it .if i open it ad cones and i cannot even then go back before it was the best thing to use.worst part cannot uninstall from phone
lags horribly on galaxy s6 on bigger pages and with ads. it worked great on galaxy s2 with kitkat. lollipop it's kinda lame.
please find a solution to remove ads. why cant we open a page of our choice. every time ads are appearing..
no way to block pop up and ads, need to fix this problem.
ads and more ads
releasing plenty of updates its size is more than 100 mb and still no add ons adblocker etc....in mozilla firefox supports add ons when u will devolop idiot advertisements are really iritating........ stupid
clear browser history button does not work you have to manually press the x on your history. doesnt load homepage when first opens. actually opens last page surfed. crappy app. and the ads please. 1 star coz i have to.....
please block online advertising....number one problem..
way ott with 'intelligent'  ads. if i was looking for a gift or a flight why would i want to be reminded all day every day with adverts_ and i certainly wouldn't want my partner to spot the add_ its bloody annoying and bad on the advertisers too...portsmouth yaughting people... what the hell would i go to portsmouth from newcastle for and no i am definitely not booking a flight with skyscanner after those adverts im removing the app and deleting google wherever possible appalling mind control strategy.
way ott with 'intelligent'  ads. if i was looking for a gift or a flight why would i want to be reminded all day every day with adverts_ and i certainly wouldn't want my partner to spot the add_ its bloody annoying and bad on the advertisers too...portsmouth yaughting people... what the hell would i go to portsmouth from newcastle for and no i am definitely not booking a flight with skyscanner after those adverts im removing the app and deleting google wherever possible appalling mind control strategy.
i accidentally let chrome update automatically and since then lots of websites with borders and images are displaying wrong. images and text lying on top of each other, or borders and ads all over the place. when i uninstall the update i'm left with a stone_age version of chrome. i used to love chrome on my phone. boo hoo hoo...
cannot search by image any more.  also cannot block ads.
no add_ons at all, which means being bombarded with ads you never have to see on a desktop. uc browser has ad block and screenshot ad_ons so why would you use chrome_
it doesn't block ads it is worst browser i suggest to download uc browser
... google became more greedy and a bigger privacy leech than it previously was. pages end with aw snap because they are trying to load a million ads, this browser used to be secure at one point but it's no more. seriously considering firefox on android now and that's a shocking feeling.
google chrome is fast, don't get me wrong, but what's wrong with it is, tbd freaking ads, nonstop everywhere everywhere tap_click, i watch a bike ads fer days, etc...remove ads and will be rated 5 stars
i cannot open a single site any link i click ends up opening as an ad and i cant even go back _ sadly i can't even uninstall the browser as its locked with the phone _
to much advertising coming up oh my screen
getting all ads and getting mostly error message that your chrome is out of date even it is updated.
very annoying to surf web. ads containing play store links always take browser to play store app. how can this be secure browser if it does not have minimal set of features.
while it works well and quickly on the smartphone _only reason for 2nd star_, but it filters out searches it doesn't like.  i tried finding an app that remove all of the ads that i am so sick of.  it could not find any. downloaded duckduckgo browser and found an entire page of ad removing apps.  i think if i pay over _400.00 for a phone , i should be able to remove any ad or program that i want to_ i have bought some games and programs and still have ads. example_ i bought angry birds to remove ads and now i get ads for the other angry bird games... that's just crappy.
i like this app but too tooo advertisements when i'm open a new sites please fix the ads problem
i like this app but too tooo advertisements when i'm open a new sites please fix the ads problem
thought i'd try this again in the hope all the updates might've improved it. oh god, how wrong was i. in a 1hour usage test it crashed 39 times. it crashed my device 6 times. it froze. it caused my device to stutter. on the ui side of things its no better. no real options to customise anything. an address bar that cant be locked that becomes anoying after 5 minutes and turns you homicidal after an hour. no way to turn off javascript to stop some of those iritating ads that the internet seems to think we love so much. this browser is a mess. after an hour i'm so wound up that i would quite happily read of the deaths of all involved with this and my only reaction would be a quiet smile. horrible. horrible. horrible.
chrome literally sucks these days. and after reading reviews i won't update it even because then it might get worser and slower even more. too many ads, gets jam, slow. getting unbearable. i am using chrome for years but now i think i will have to change my browser_
works great as long as there are no ads on the page. otherwise it is a disaster.
why show ads when click
over the past few days, i've been getting ads popping up on the bottom of sites i visit. i know they aren't site ads, and they are really bothersome.
used to be the best option, but now i keep getting redirected to the play store because of ads automatically opening links... it's really disruptive and annoying
speed, accurate, and ad free ... loved it
sometimes the page will load completely and as soon ad i touch the screen everything disappears. it is just a blank white screen. it happens only once in a while and all i do is hit back and then forward again and the problem is gone.
maybe you guys should actually make what you advertise. keeps crashing 100x worse than my previous version only now i cant get back to that version without google stopping completely. fix it_
needs extensions available for mobile version. web is unusable with the number of adverts we get bombarded with.
so many ads...
teach me how to block all the ads,they keep popping out.
can anyone tell me how to stop annoying ads.
i only use chrome... but need a ad blocker
after updating my browser i constantly get pop up ads saying my phone has a virus which is obviously a lie, please fix.
don't like that i'm stuck with google in the first place. i hate the entire _chrome_ development. it slows everything down because now it won't load until all the ads have loaded. i understand that is one way google makes money _besides spying and gathering info about users without permission, and selling that info to other developers_businesses_, but enough is enough. if i didn't love my turbo...
good browser.. but i prefer firefox for its security for blocking pop ads..
for the ads.... hope there will be an ads blocker like chrome on the pc
works as advertised_
misses the most vital thing in a browser _ an ad blocker. bit of a memory hog too. no text reflow , limited zoom. shame, it could be a good browser otherwise. ok for sites that don't have  ads.i use uc browser for everything else.
no adblock means awful, bloated, slow performance with extremely hard to close ads everywhere. embarrassing.
automatically opens ads website...chrom sucks...lots of ads before loading required website..irritating a lot... gonna uninstall  if they are  not  going to fix it...
very fast browser indeed but it lacks  plugins and addons. it really helps that you can swipe to switch through tabs rather than clicking on one. just add the plugins would make it the best one specially the ad blocker.
image save still exists. just long press the photo. 44 is good _except replacing the black with hideous white_ but there's better. _nochromo is built off the open source project, chromium, the same as chrome. also _nochromo is an ad blocking browser. way better than chrome_ if 44 upsets you try _nochromo, you'll love it.
the ui keeps getting worse with this browser. i was thinking _well at least my tabs save so i can come back to important things later,_ but lo and behold now it can crash and dump all your open tabs. i'll never understand how a company can let these widely used applications like chrome and youtube get worse with every update. i get how snapchat, etc go sour with each update cause they dip their hands into that sweet ad revenue pool _ destroy themselves with outside bloat, but the case here is unfathomable.
seriously consider putting in an adblock in chrome. ads eat up a lot of data.
when i click multiple links it opens in a single tab and yes i don't want to turn on the feature that say merge chrome with apps, i want to click multiple links and open all links in different tabs in the same window. the ads are annoying, although i know you guys make cash of it, but it  would be great if it could be reduced.
ads keep popping up randomly either taking me to the chrome browser or to the play store, please... make it stop
javascript is not working while i on it loads of ads started flowing. and when i make it off many web pages don't work specially images.
like it but not too much of ad push.
the only thing keeping me on chrome is its integrated chromecast support. its popup blocker is a joke_ it only loads halfway through videos that play fine everywhere else_ and it has no add_ons. however, it is really good at popping open ads i didn't tap and taking me to the play store, but i'm sure that has nothing to do with google owning an ad network.
on my phone chrome is great, fast pure awesome, but on my pc complete disaster_ always bugging some advertising pop up every time._
the new version makes it impossible to go back from an ad without closing the entire browser.
everytime i try to access a website it turns to open an ad instead of the site ,idk if it's because of my network connection company or because of the chrome itself
the only thing keeping me on chrome is its integrated chromecast support. its popup blocker is a joke_ it loads halfway through videos that play fine everywhere else_ and it has no add_ons. however, it is really good at popping open ads i didn't tap and taking me to the play store, but i'm sure that has nothing to do with google owning an ad network.
chrome has always been my go to browser, but a month ago i started receiving full page pop up ads while  opening up random apps. no antivirus_malware worked in locating what it was. after deleting most of my apps i decided to try clearing the apps cache and data. low and behold, no more pop up adds. disappointed in google for allowing a huge vulnerability in my favorite browser.
its slow,very slow...   it stops _download's_ unless you are willing to be bombarded with adverts_   its not that chrome is bad its just that the whole android code is very badly implemented_  it feels sort of like a reconditioned mobile phone.    it works just_ but it'll never feel like new........  _update_....my chrome browser crashes more time's than plate's at a greek wedding_  _it's a very unique browser_ in incompatibility with android_
are uncontrollable,  everytime i put my finger on the screen to scroll 3 new ad tabs open up
nowdays, it comes always with  advertisement and cannot open expected site with it
it seems that the same spy ware and ad ware issues that affect the desktop version of chrome are making their way into the android version. on occasions the browser become slow as spyware launch from sites and eventually succeed in opening pop_up and deceiving messages. these issues do not occur on opera although both are chromium based
i used to use this browser a lot. but now after updating i don't know what happened i am not able to browse anything. when ever i open any web page it will directly redirect to some nonsense advertise pages. from past 2 weeks i am not able to open even google page as when ever i try doing that some or other add pops up
it's the best web browser for me, but i'd really love it if i can install extensions like ad block as we do in pc chrome browser. love the way we can refresh by sliding down, really convenient.
i'd appreciate it if i'm not spied on. especially if it's something i never even looked up or talked about online, and yet i get advertising for...
its is good but its ad is very bad
why is there an ad at the bottom right corner of every page.
misses the most vital thing in a browser _ an ad blocker. bit of a memory hog too. no text reflow , limited zoom. shame, it could be a good browser otherwise. ok for sites that don't have ads.
its really slow nothing even loads lots of.anoying ads
used to love this app on my android but after the update, so many screw ups. theres some type of tracker thingy that always pops up and automatically leads me to an app in google play. also the _congratulations_ youve won_ ads still comes through after being blocked. maybe a virus_ it only does it when i use chrome. i uninstalled it, cleared my cache, history, everything and i also blocked pop ups. nothing changed. please fix_
i expect better from google.   app doesn't function the way it should and introduces random advertising that is totally unwanted.
please add support to add_on like firefox so that user can install ad blocker or give an inbuilt ad blocker because we can deal with pop_up as we just have to close a tab, but because of ads i can't do any thing _install this app_ type ads are very annoying when i go back it takes me two pages back
too many ads _ and thats making me crazy... please remove ads and i will rate it 5 stars
sick of pop ups and redirects when i'm trying to read news or other articles. you've just been replaced with firefox. get your act together chrome. do you really need ad revenue so bad that you make your app open to nuisance ads.
chrome is a good browser but iam continually getting my browser hijacked by ads and doubleclick. having to use a third party tool to clean it of these ads.
full of ads
don't simply give updates, try to put ad block features, it won't block pop ups, i haven't seen any improvements till now.
is it a browser or an ad factory_ can't browse anything, full of ads.
websites with a big amount of google ads _like xda developers_ are seriously choppy. i dislike adblocking apps, but i'd probably have to use those as user experience is seriously compromised due to advertisement_related low performance. and i'm sure as hell not upgrading my phone just to scroll ads smoother.
websites with a big amount of google ads _like xda developers_ are seriously choppy. i dislike adblocking apps, but i'd probably have to use those as user experience is seriously compromised due to advertisement_related low performance. and i'm sure as hell not upgrading my phone just to scroll ads smoother.
it has very fluid performance but if thr is any adblocker fr mobile version thn i will give 5 stars _ it is annoying with ads
ever since the new update. all these pop_up ads keep showing up. and no matter how many times i erase them, they still end up coming back. so please fix
im getting constant ad loads on the web and when on web, the web pulls up google play when i haven't even pushed anything. i would be on the web reading for awhile and all the sudden it happens. it doesn't happen on other browsers, just chrome _ chrome beta. also,the pages load slower than usual. why is wiki pages slow and crash a lot_
i'm getting these unwanted ads when i turn on my tablet since updating.
its slow,very slow...   it stops _download's_ unless you are willing to be bombarded with adverts_   its not that chrome is bad its just that the whole android code is very badly implemented_  it feels sort of like a reconditioned mobile phone.    it works just_ but it'll never feel like new........  _update_....my chrome browser crashes more time's than plate's at a greek wedding_
more number of pop ups _ ads even though i have blocked the popup. add_ons feature is missing.same website can be accessed with no popups using firefox _ cuz of add_on feature in that_
seriously consider putting in an adblock system in chrome. ads eat up a lot of data.
love chrome_ i like the idea i can pick up on my mobile where i left off on home pc. the only problem i've found is that sometimes ad pop ups take over certain websites whem trying to read. add ad blocker feature. i understand google makes its money off ads and so does some websites but as a consumer, it's getting out of hand and annoying. follow me on google_
the app is pretty amazing, except that it doesn't prompt when a website wants to vibrate the device_ it simply allows it. that makes some nasty ads fake system messages in some websites.
i hate viewing some websites in chrome, which bounces the display up or down as images or ads get downloaded. i wish chrome would recognize where i've scrolled to and keep the display stable even if new content has arrived on the page above and out of view. sure would be nice if bookmarks would open in a new tab, and if you could swipe left or right to get to a different tab.
while the update is faster and runs smoother, it takes up so much more space on my phone_ and since i have an older android with very little storage space, that'd a pain in the butt. it also doesn't block ads anymore, and i can't find how to easily clear the cache. also, please add an option to cache to the sd card. i might be quitting chrome again soon, it's bogging down my phone_
whenever i browse on internet my  first choice through the chrome . it's providing a speed,and gives a relief in ads..much more..
for some reason i keep getting redirected to  google  play  online . i keep trying to figure out why because i have never clicked on any ads for applications.  i've tried jnstalling and then reinstalling,  i've removed updates , put updates back on even went as far as signing out of google. this problem still continues to happen and is extremely  infuriating.
too slow...ads are popping up while opening most of the web pages and not able to browse the required ones. also, no refresh buttons as well. please rectify asap
very slow, ads keep slowing it down. when closing i need to wait 2 seconds for apps to show. and when opening chrome, it blink black. terrible
can we do anything without pop_ups or we just look at ads rather then what we are really looking for
always advertising pops up. not able to view any site. really big big big waste app. hate this app
way too many ads. always redirecting to playstore. can't turn off ads. this used to be my favorite browser but just burns data now. crappy adware.
please block the ads
please add addon for blocking ads because browsing many websites become difficult just because of adds.
new review_  even worse on my 2 new phones. takes 20 or more seconds to load a page on new g4 and new droid.  prior review_  how is it possible that google makes both os and apps and they can't work together_  sync error message that won't go away, ads that make browsing nearly impossible, can't sort bookmarks, and releasing update after update that seemingly avoided stability testing prior to production release_ maybe less skateboarding at work and more work at work like grownups do, hmmm_
this should be greatest browser but it fails to be  so many bugs takes a lot of data and also no ad blocker . pop up adds come so often.
make extensions like ad block available for this, sometimes ads come in bulk and phone starts vibrating.
can't remove ads. always covering the page
keeps redirecting to ads.mobvertising and automatically opening google play store to stupid apps_ chrome is useless until this is fixed for me. tried factory resetting my phone and that didn't even help_
closes every time i try to reopen a webpage after minimizing it. seriously so annoying. ad pop up block is a joke, lets adds open new browser tabs without clicking on anything.
i really love chrome browser both in android and windows. i have one small request , i really want to have add on support like in firefox so that i can have an ad blocker or any other browser add on...
im getting constant ad loads on the web and when on web, the web pulls up google play when i haven't even pushed anything. i would be on the web reading for awhile and all the sudden it happens. it doesn't happen on firefox, just chrome _ chrome beta. also,the pages load slower than usual. why is wiki pages slow and crash a lot_ firefox browser doesn't. im switching to firefox and leaving chrome behind.
im getting constant ad loads on the web and when on web, the web pulls up google play when i haven't even pushed anything. i would be on the web reading for awhile and all the sudden it happens. it doesn't happen on dolphin, just chrome _ chrome beta.
worst browser ever seen never let's me watch videos some or the other ads keeps popping up
piece of trash. no options to remove ads and browser has built in ads that need to be removed.
no text reflow. uses an obscene amount of data to play a few videos at 150x240_size. really not much care has gone into this app beyond serving advertising.
i'm tired of ads and pages automatically directing me to other websites. please, bring extensions here._
i am using chrom on motog, some how the ads site popsup and it dosent allow me to brows any sites. unable to.to be this even after un install and re install, the same dosent appear if i use other browsers
have no control over ads and redirect
javascript for all the fun stuff it does the only things most websites use it for is spam ads. search is annoying, it picks old searches by default and when typing different combos to get better results adds extra searches because it overrides what i am typing for something in history i don't want. really annoying, considering my computer doesn't do this kind of crap, tempted to just remove browser all to gather. reconfiguring bookmarks is still impossible, never find bookmark looking for.
okay, everything i click redirects me to an ad. it's really annoying_ i am not sure if my phone has been infected with malware, but i have ads that vibrate my phone and tell me my phone has viruses, plus some other annoying ads _
i do not like it when i look at a product on the ebay app or on the app itself and then see ads of it everywhere on google chrome itself, not cool_ just because i look at something once does not mean i want to see it everywhere else, every day_
please this app stupid won't put to my ad card that's why my phone so easily to full storage
using too much cpu_ram and no ad blocker, uninstalled then
suddenly there are too much spam in the browser. every link is directed to some ad website though it opens properly on opera mini.
too many ads
how to block ads_ i am irritated with ads how to block them_
need to make ad ons for mobile version such as ad_blocker like on desktop version.
tired of the new update...its keep on opening some stupid and bad sites whenever i search anything on it_ many unwanted sites gets open.. and it keeps on opening ads... adult sites _ pls fix it..pls do _
i can't even watch a video without it popping into something else there aren't even any ads and its an official website so this browser is officially the worst browser ever to be created.
every time i browse it leads to some other sites. irritated coz of ads and pop ups. totally disappointed with this. suggest me a way to solve this problem
no ad blocker extension, grow up chrome
used to be good until the recent update where it took away the tab option. now it sucks_ also never ending ads, click on one thing and takes you to another place, rubbish_
no addons like ad block. which is annoying. you cannot browse most webpages easily if there are many adds. one accidental touch and the phone will take you to the google play store.
google's money minting decision of banning flash _ allowing tons of ads scripts put me off from chrome, heck they even banned all adblock plugins _
too much ads i can't open my important pages _ websites .....hate it because of ads
this is by far the best browser for android in term of cleaness. other browsers are filled with ads, and other useless garbage which chrome lackm
us to only get one ad or so when watching videos. but now it's constant and very annoying having to restart the video from the beginning because the ad is opened on the same page. sometimes the videos starts and boom you get a ad.
there are so many ads on this thing that i can't get anything done.
used chrome for all my browsing but lately if my views not being obscured by pop up adverts is redirecting me to bs i'm not interested in. switched to firefox and added adblock and now my browsing is uninterrupted. sort your life out chrome_
as soon a i updated chrome i keep geting cloudscout ads please fix
so many ads ......very useless app.......many ads appears when suffering.....
constantly redirected to slimspots and then on to other ads. doesn't happen with any other browser.
everything else works fine but watching videos, you have nothing but ads popping up every 5 minutes. you cant even enjoy any type of mp4, flv, or any other fomat for that matter.
why you let junk advertisement to prompt in and taking over with a full big window only left a tab _ok_ to accept those junk apps get in automatically install...are you stupid google_ this stupid browser is default to many androids...leave it totally unusable. wake up stupid chrome team_
chrome should have a option to block ads on website
i'm just trying to enjoy watching my anime online, but i keep getting redirected to done ad right in the middle while i'm watching, its getting super annoying, please fix this
since i got my phone, two yrs ago, i've been using opera mini. lately, there have been some problems, so i thought i should try chrome. damn it people_ this thing is shit. i can't watch youtube, ads poping out all the time, crashes... i'm returning to opera.
this update sucks... every time i'm browning weird pop ups come up, and it's very annoying... when i'm in facebook and i click on the pages that's from the story it uncontrollably pops ads and the http is from google chrome... before google chrome update everything was fine till i press update and it allows pop ups and ads.... i also checked in the settings for the block ads and it's enable what good is that if it allows ads and pop ups when it's enable... i swear only cuz this app is a default for my phone
ads keep popping up taking me to another site. this is really annoying. at least make the sites open in a different tab.
within the past week or so it is ridiculous how many ads you get while browsing.   i don't know what has changed but if it doesn't stop i will be changing my browser.   they are everywhere.  when you try to read an article they pop up and are stuck in the middle of your article or page.  everywhere you go they are constantly popping up.  very frustrating_
i hate to browse with these browser because no pop up is being blocked. everytime i click on a link a new window opens with ads and sometimes the link redirects me to ads_ if i just could give this browser 1_2 stars
only issue i'm currently having. is there a way to turn off or block ads in the app_ they sort of ruin my experience with chrome when browsing _specifically pop up ads_.
its fast lightweight and secure. but i dont know how to block ads or add extensions like mac or windows os versions. please help me out.
i hate to browse with these app because no pop up is being blocked. everytime i click on a link a new window opens with ads and sometimes the link redirects me to ads_some of the images doesn't show up on sites
tabs i've opened over weeks suddenly disappear with no recovery. pop_up ads seriously_ autocorrect and predictive text is horrid. music organization and intuitiveness is to be desired _see itunes_..  same goes for the photo app..  at least i get to change my battery every 2 hours fml_ can't wait to switch back to apple_    it's june 2015 now and chrome still deletes my open tabs wtf_ whyyyyyyyyy is this still a problem_
not a bit efficient coz every time i search anything ads automatically pops in n then google not works any more.....so for me this is a total shit _
this app has lost its credibility due to pouring in ads like youradexchange and adspat
now a days chrome is irritating due to its ads which is just annoying really i fill to switch on other browser
works as advertised_
gets in the way of browsing way too much and can't even close the ad.the 'x' just seems to be there to make you click it anything together rid of it_i'd rather get another browser app
everything i touch  zooms in . say i want too book a trip there is a  little calendar next to the date field but when i touch  it it zooms in does not show  the calendar , also infected with ads .
if reading the new republic on my phone means that really, really loud video ads can suddenly start blaring without any warning, then my phone loses much of its utility. don't shoot yourself in the foot google and advertisers.
if reading the new republic on my phone means that really, really loud video ads can suddenly start blaring without any warning, then my phone loses much of its utility. don't shoot yourself in the foot google and advertisers.
not to keen on ads at the bottom of my windows
it records everything you search for online and inserts adds for that product in the pages you visit. basically they track everything you do and advertise you accordingly
ads keep on opening automatically when i search and open a website. when i hit the back button, it returns to the_ 'search results' page of google. whenever i use facebook and i click on some link to open it in chrome, same thing happens. ads. just useless ads.
well you did it again you always seem to take sonething that is good and working and fk it all up im getting so sick of this i think ill go to bing cause google just sucks any more with all there ads and buy this cr p they have now . good job as_ holes way to fu_k it up
the way ads work on mobile are too intrusive.
i hate to browse with these app because no pop up is being blocked. everytime i click on a link a new window opens with ads and sometimes the link redirects me to ads_some of the images doesn't show up on sites
ever since the last update i had to deal with a crazy amount if pop_up ads. not cool  _
i recently started getting ads popping up and redirects to the google play store.
every time i open site it changes its address to some advertisement site
chrome keeps taking me to ads _
option needed to block all pop ups. screen all stupid ads before opening a page. uninstalling this now.
chrome works great most of the time. i'm not a fan of the tabs being on the recents menu. i'm glad we have the option to turn it off. this browser is very slow on a phone that does not block ads.
the banner ad takes up roughly 20_ of my screen in landscape mode.  makes lots of pages useless unless read in portrait.
no matter what site i open in this browser, it keeps on redirecting me to rubbish ads making browsing impossible..
great to have an account with google apps keep the good work you send great news about new stuff going on sale i'm sorry i don't have any extra money to get anything but eventually i will see if i have a little extra 6_25_15 thanks for the great advertising a way to help all who needs it
whenever i open a page ads pop up nd i can't even visit or use any site. these ads r driving me crazy nd i tried everything. the only solution seems to be to stop sites frm playing java script nd dat affects d site too nd dis is damn slow. pls fix asap
everytime i try to open some site through chrome it leads me to some ad site further leading me to a suggested page to download opera mini.  can't continue my daily activity.  have to switch to some other browser for the time being.  plz fix it....
the incognito never works and whenver i try to browse into any website ads and many other websites open in background and it is not safe as it may harm your phone
seems to work better than the regular browser on my s5. the only thing i dislike is how it doesn't entirely block ads. wish it did like it does on my pc_
it always catch ads, like on click make it like desktop chrome, and add ad block feature.
getting nothing but ads now, can't do anything with it anymore, have uninstalled and reinstalled and still not working...
was better b4 the flood of _ making ads. after using maxthon _ mercury  browsers, this one just won't cut it, the other 2 are fast _ good enough, without all the annoying ads_ just no contest_
takes way too much space but works fine for me. no issues with tabs or anything. gets a little laggy when there's a lot of ads on a website, but other than that it's fast and smooth, runs faster after the newest update.
shows a heck of advertising links when you open or tap on a website.
i like google chrome browser than any other browser.. please provide powerful ad block and pop_up blocker plugins..
ads everywhere. used to be great but now every other web page i go to i get redirected to a link for an app in the store. no thanks.
i love this browser but i like the new adblock one more because you know... no ads
when i play geometry dash or clash of clans, ads by king and saga keep taking me to their websites. it even happened while i was typing this. it is not completely chrome's fault, but it is responsible for all the pop out ads.
the app keeps on redirecting to various other sites and sometimes couldn't even block pop ups. ads keep on popping up. please fix this bug. it is very frustrating. otherwise it's a nice browser.
chrome is a good browser but iam continually getting my browser hijacked by ads and doubleclick. having to use a third party tool to clean it of these ads.
hating these ads popping up all the while _
littered with advertisements, to the point that i've switched to firefox with adblock plus plug in. excessively high number of advertisements have driven me away chrome....
if it stopped redirects_pop_ups i would give it 5_. even with block pop_ups checked it still loads redirects and the play store from embedded ads.
all i want is ad free perfect chrome
firefox better than chrome, real open source and not from big company that make use of it to deliver targeted ads to you
1.block pop_up is useless, some website also can pop_up some ad website one by one, don't you think it make people sick in mobile phone_               2.why i choose don't translate some website but google translate always ask me to do that_one click is unenough_please fix.
no extension available to block ads on websites.
there is need of add_ons for android too why you guys aren't giving access to those. if can't then provide a working ad blocker and don't ask for using ad block plus separately.....
suddenly out of no where the moment i start surfing on the browser, the thing goes whack_ a number of these ad pop up pages or it redirects the pages to some goddamn porn sites. is google promoting pornography remotely_ it is horrible guys.
i use chrome as my main browser and it's great so far. maybe if we were allowed to sort our bookmarks. ads are always popping up too every time i even use chrome or before doing anything on chrome. and sometimes pages won't load. but so far its good.
i usually prefer chrome, but this browser is frustrating to use on mobile. speed is not an issue. however, anything with ads, pictures, gifs, and videos usually causes a webpage to completely crash, and then the entire browser. no amount of resetting or clearing the cache ever helps with this issue, and it certainly hasn't gotten any better from recent updates. also, please enable extensions for the mobile version_
june6,2015 update_ please do something about spams and ads on clicks _ irritating. i love desktop chrome, but the android version freezes way too much to accept. being and engineer i'd like to he'll this become bette and best.let me know if you need my inputs
how can i stop ads qnd unwanted pages help me_
everywhere ads
i keep getting 'ad choices' banner adverts at the bottom of the browser. this often prevents me from scrolling down the page_ it kind of bounces mentally but ends up back at the top. eventually after about 10_15 seconds the ad will go full screen and the scrolling issue disappears once the full screen ad is closed.
i keep getting 'ad choices' banner adverts at the bottom of the browser. this often prevents me from scrolling down the page_ it kind of bounces mentally but ends up back at the top. eventually after about 10_15 seconds the ad will go full screen and the scrolling issue disappears once the full screen ad is closed.
everytime when i try to open a webpage this ads pop up.please fix this
whenever i open any site immediately ads start coming and replace the site which i open.  i'll give 5 stars if this problem is solved
chrome used to be a very good browser but now it hangs up,  is slow, probably due to all the ads it pushes, and crashes. i gave up on it and am okay with the adblock version of firefox. no ads and fewer issues.
works as advertised_
whenever i open any site immediately ads start coming and replace the site which i open.  i'll give 5 stars if this problem is solved
please add ad block i can't use chrome properly because has a lot if advertisement and makes me irritating
please add ad block i can't use chrome properly because has a lot if advertisement and makes me irritating
annoying redirection to ad sites.... can't access any site....so irritating...
these is the lack no pop up blocker or ad blocker even add on firefox have these plus point_
it's very distracting to browse with all those ad filled pages. if you don't want to add add_on capabilities then that's fine by me. but do something about those goddamn ads. please.
keeps getting stuck and crashing all the time. user_unfriendly. i wish i could just delete it completely. all sites get redirected to ads website.
worst in ad and irritating ads thorough this
ads are so annoying that you can't even browse net. website you open is automatically redirected to the add.
internet is filled with ads and pop ups. however i don't see this browser blocking it at all. please fix it. at least let us know whether u have taken our inquiry into consideration
i love google chrome, but i keep having ads pop up. is this from google chrome_ i deleted all new apps, yet still have ads popping up several times every hour on google chrome.
you guys should do something about that popup ads problem...that problem making me switch to uc. and i guess there are a lot users like who are also facing this problem...
there is no close toolbar and ads keep pop up every single time i open chrome.
there are so many ads coming again and again plz help me to get rid off those ads
need a ad blocker for mobile chrome_
automatically redirects to advertisement page
when i am reading any article, a window pop_up saying your device is  slow and other ads which can not be skipped or closed. presseing back button also execute the ads and open ad page. i even downloaded the app which they were promoting, then too same ads flesh... in max 3_4 days i will switch to mozila app if it is not fixed. after all i want to read alticles and surf web and chrome is not allowing me to do so.
always open pop ups and ads in multiple sites and can't able to see anything...
when i am going to load a page, ads are really frastreting me
keeps off all unwanted ads
should provide some way to block un wanted ads.. ads are annoying
its runing fast but there are much ads . improve it soon otherwise mostly people uc broser besides this.
theres too many ads.
its getting all buggy all od a sudden, i mean seriously, the ads are out of place, i cant touch properly,and freezes, right after the update
should provide ad blocker and other addons facility
it keeps causing ads to pop up on my current app please fix and i miiiiiiiiiight just might rate at least 4 so pretty please fix
i read online books and for every click i make, a stupid ad pops up and redirects me to the app store_ ridiculous_ i can barely even use chrome without being bombarded with scams and ads
i have this.. last few days too much ads are coming.. this is very hectic. plz fix this bug.and update add blocker features...
always open pop ups and ads in multiple sites and can't able to see anything...
google chrome will always be my favorite browser for android and desktop. it's so nice to have everything synced together and the app runs flawlessly. wouldn't mind an ad blocker though
it's very distracting to browse with all those ad filled pages. if you don't want to add add_on capabilities then that's fine by me. but do something about those goddamn ads. please.
too many ads stick around while browsing..
why show ads when click
ads cover all page, sometime page redirect to ads url
can't open any website. ads popping everywhere
amazing although recently ads have been screwing up the reading experience. cannot read on any site except google or wikipedia.
please make accidental clikcing on ads harder
whenever i click on some link then always  ads comes and i can't do any work .please fix it_
too many forced ads
i want to get rid of from the fuc_ bullshit ads . i had installed and wasted my time installing apps that don't help me and i had changed my settings but still i am facing it .also i can't delete selective history ,each time i have to delete my all history and deleting a single history won't work . i get so much frustrated that wants to hit my head against a stone or should break my smartphone by hitting it on floor and i will give 5 star if you do it .please fix it's a humble request
i fail to see why an uninstallable browser has to take up nearly 150mb of precious space on my phone and cant be moved to ad card.
ads r getting opened on the page am browsing..
the browser has gone mad ever since the last update.... whenever i try to open a page it redirects me to advertisement sites...cant open anything on the browser now.....please fix asap
was better b4 the flood of _ making ads. after using uc browser hd, this one just won't cut it, because uc hd is as fast, is as good, without all the annoying ads_ just no contest_
lot of popup ads to install things .. very annoying, can't even open wikipedia to read any thing... fix it asap
littered with advertisements, to the point that i've switched to firefox with adblock plus plug in. excessively high number of advertisements had driven me away chrome....
need to put a block list, ad blocker is a must for all browsers.
gets in the way of browsing way too much and can't even close the ad.the 'x' just seems to be there to make you click it anything together rid of it_
pop ads always appear and its hard to surf using chrome.. _
always can promote or ads from provider so can't load page
this bloody app's not working _ showing silly ads while opening any website_.....  so annoying_
okay, everything i click redirects me to an ad. it's really annoying_ i am not sure if my phone has been infected with malware, but i have ads that vibrate my phone and tell me my phone has viruses, plus some other annoying ads _
would've been cooler if it had the extension feature so browsing can be way much smoother. for example adblock which can provide us from those annoying ads on most websites.
good but has a serious buffer problem also so much update stupid loading problem too won't pause properly i use to like google chrome but now won't even work and so many ads even when an option appears i didn't even touch it yet and takes me to another site
i find it annoying because chrome display too many ads...could give it 5 stars if ads removed
the design is nice and clean, and browsing is fast and smooth. but the lack of extensions support is a real problem... _despite i do get the fear of ad blockers that must explain this_. i'll keep using firefox, which is working perfect, until that change _probably won't happen ever_
adlock should be provided in_built.. i'm gettting annoyed with the ads... when surfing the sites
only advertisements pop up when i open a website..
if im using this app suddenly a pop up ads will appear mostly about du batery saver even if i already downloaded it it still comes so annoying
whenever i access any site same ad pops up saying _ download.appsy.club warns that your device is at risk. download uc browser. and this won't let any site to load. so chrome has become unusable for me.
showing ads on the corner
comparing to chrome uc browser is better as it does not show any ads and is quite faster than chrome....
any time i would open a tab, i would be bombarded by spam ads. usually it would need me to close chrome
literally impossible to navigate any site when a new wave of advertisements pop_up and auto change the site i'm on. nothing but fake viruses and forced promotion of apps from the store. fix this please
keep getting apps popping up trying to get me to download,so have to disable playstore and i just check it every other,better than forced advertising
since the last update some random ad pops up everytime i try to open any site. do look into this matter asap.
pop up ad blocker needs to be fixed...not able to download any content lije songs too...plz fix
whenever i open a page in google chrome , as soon as the page is loaded ,shady apps or advertisements opens up immediately , i am not able to surf a single page for more than 3 seconds , very irritating , please provide the fix, then only i ll give 5 stars.
completely unusable when almost every website is redirected to some advert or play store download.
chrome used to be my favourite browser, now some very irritating ads keep coming as soon as i even open a webpage_ hope google rectifies this malware shit
site called your ad exchange is taking over the screen every time i browse and suggests i use uc browser instead....surprisingly it doesn't have bugs....same is the case with on other phone of mine...looks like the own you now.....
i wish u guys would work on blocking ads its very annoying
translate is excellent and i need and use it all the time. but having to repeatedly dismiss pop ups when you don't need it is very very annoying. in fact, often you have to discuss two pop ups that half cover the screen. please find an alternative method.    littered with advertisements
the ads are crazy, and it force close after supossedly fixed bugs update. my homepage is sony website... bad very bad
i already lost my patience because of annoying ads pop out every time i browsing page...
just sick of recurring ads each time i tried to open any site
i switched device from desktop chrome to tablet chrome to watch an anime rated pg 14. on desktop chrome has ad blocked but not available on tablet chrome. when i tried to open an anime webpage all the weird popup ads open like crazy and one of them were not suitable for children because they were rated mature. if google can take control of tablet_phone chrome to block off nasty mature ads which are not suitable for everyone that would be awesome. right now it seems using tablet_phone chrome is very limited
fix it  enormous ads opening in new tabs
its slow,very slow...   it stops _download's_ unless you are willing to be bombarded with adverts_   its not that chrome is bad its just that the whole android code is very badly implemented_  it feels sort of like a reconditioned mobile phone.    it works just but it'll never feel like new....
now when i download pics, they dont save in my gallery but instead in a different place so to view them, i need to move them to a new folder in th picture section.. please ad a function to pic where the photos end up manually. also there is no tab so can't switch tabs on demand like before. fuck lollipop man.
slow and alot of ads never goes to were you want it to
the ads pop ups have been intruding on my space especially wen doing somtn important with d  phone. what to do or i'll uninstall.
whenever i access any site same ad pops up saying _ download.appsy.club warns that your device is at risk. download uc browser. and this won't let any site to load. so chrome has become unusable for me.
i can't open a single website without these ads taking over the page. it's irritating.
adsmate too many ads..cant evn browse
unable to browse anything because of ads.....uc browser is best...
i loved the new features you guys have added in, especially stuff like drag down to refresh, and tab in the form of app instances_ but, still, there are a few things that are off. the pages take longer to respond, and the app itself has become slower to respond. some pages opened in a tab are completely blank_ even on refreshing the page, it remains unresponsive.  also, why no ad blocker_ sites that use redirecting ads are the bane of chrome users' existence.
please add page tab, save page and plugin to block ads...
the irrelevant ads are so much annoying. it just does not work now.
ad block doesn't work, very frustrating, otherwise 5stars
unwanted ads
whenever i access any site same ad pops up saying _ download.appsy.club warns that your device is at risk. download uc browser. and this won't let any site to load. so chrome has become unusable for me. but when i open sites in desktop mode there are no pop ups and every site loads perfectly. so please fix this bug.
too much memory used , more bugs , more ads _ increase more battery consumption. settings is _fake_
when i go to watch anime it never pop up ads with other search engines but this search engine i'd really bad at saying they block ads. bad ad blocks is a problem that i do not like.
hell of advertising. every click i make n it redirects me to some nonsense sites
its better than the default internet apps, but before i did not have pop up ads, now i do and it is incredibly  annoying_ _ i even have the pop up option off yet it still happens. why. i ask you, why.
nice.  works as advertised
shoud be more settings for user and ad's blocker plug and of course pops up's bloker plug. still best bowser.
everytime i try to open a page it redirects to an ad and then if i click to back its goes back to homepage instead of the page i was in. often the ads redirect to the app store too. makes me want to throw my tablet at the wall
hello frnd it is very nice app but data saver is not working in my mobile and it has no any option to block powerfull ads even i off pop_up but not found solution.
ads are opening in same tab....not able to surf most of the sites
takes too much space. too slow. can't install extensions _to disable advertisements_. interface is also messed up. firefox for android is better.
needs ability to use extentions_ im gonna assume google is holding back on this feature because ads bring google alot of cash and if chrome for android had extentions every one would use adblock_ but im afraid ads on mobile devices are getting too frustrating and invasive even with google chromes block pop ups_ im changing back to firefox _ adblock plus. atleast untill google adds extentions to android chrome_
there is no close toolbar and ads keep pop up every single time i open chrome.
ads keeps popping out and i'm being forced to download it _ please do something about it. thanks_
i've been getting all sorts of ads when using chrome.
often freezes, also does terrible job at blocking pop_ups. i am tired of those pop_up ads saying that i have a virus and telling me to download apps. do something about it.
plz ad feature to close it.
google chrome is really fast_ there is no error_ but it could be a couple of new features_ the image quality feature set _low_grade, medium_grade, high quality_, advertisement blocking, speeding up downloads, flash player, fast reading mode, open links in a bubble, preload websites _pages_ i hope the ones i enumerated these functions, it will be in the next version_
sets advertapp application to perform tasks, and earn real money in the account invitation code 4t6ho
on the day of victory_ the most useful appendix play store it _globe mob_ reviewed to pay for advertising. all honest, no cheating_ please become and start earning. invited sondo
not usable . ads pop up whenever i open a page . plzzzzz fix the issue
there's a lot of advertisement popping every time i use it.please do something about it_
too much ads... and redirect to ads.. thats sucks..
earnings in euro _ subscribe to globe mobile. join ovc2005.nichego team deal_ just close the advertising window on your phone or pc. during registration enter ovc2005 name. the best and easiest earnings _
incredibly smooth and fast experience. hope ad issue will get fixed soon. thanks for lots of extensions. 
it runs faster and smoother, but i notice that some ads on my site are not loaded. i try to check it using other browsers on my phone and they are loaded properly. i wonder what is wrong with chrome. and if it also happens to my visitors who use chrome.
there are a lot of plug_ins..a lot of advertisements..every time i try to read a manga it always end up being redirected to another site saying that my phone is low on space and needs to be clean, try this and that,or sometimes the plug_ins are about your phone needs to be updated, download this things to have your phone updated..but when i tried the answer would be, your phone is up to date.. now tell me, what's so good about it_if only i could uninstall this app, i will_
so my mate was messing on my phone and clicked on an ad and now when i am on clash of clans whenever i press send a message to my clan it sends me to google chrome and then redirected me to google play so now i got kicked for not talking or donating and iv tried uninstalling updates and clearing data but nothing works please fix this because even though i hate it i might disable chrome and install firefox _ edit_ just realised this looks like a complain for coc but he clicked an ad in google chrome
ads of many pages are annoying_ those ads don't allow us to browse the page properly_ some ads  takes me into whole new page that claims that my phone has viruses _. please allow at least adblocker extension_
do you want to earn a euro holding in his hands a smartphone tablet, iphone or aypad or working on a pc _ from you need to just close the window pop_up advertising _ download the app to play market globus mobile _ register and be sure to provide the login invite kkatrin and begin to receive bonuses in euros. start earning money with me closing the advertising window after screen unlock. annex just super_ _
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive advertising banner that appears when you unlock the screen on your phone or pc, to put like and get more money_ currency in euros_ when become lead _olegon74_ and start earning_
its just a way of google to flood your phone with ads on every single site you visit..... bad play google chrome...
i need the developers to help me understand that why do i have to put up with the intrusive push advertisements that are always forced upon my screen, blocking my work most of the time. for name sake all those push adverts are provided with two options _ok _ cancel_ no matter which option you tap it always drags you up to playstore displaying some useless app to install. some body should start a penalty system for developers of these types of apps _ they should be penalised heavily for the inconveniences.
drill globe mobailtut possible for free to earn money and spend it in the games, to pay for paid apps_ just when the gadget screen viewing ads appeared on the show ekrane.posle euros on your personal account. during registration, the first field to write who invited you. without it, the registration will not work _ write my nickname vystrel and invite more to us in a team of people will be swimming in money _
advertisements keep showing... i can't do what i want such as surfing for videos.. totaly suck.. please fix this problem or this apps gonna be so suck ever..
size the most recent update,  now the tab keeps switching to 'ad king' sites w_ candy crush ads. and i have pop ups blocked in settings. about to uninstall.
no extensions capabilities. use firefox instead with several ad blockers to choose from. google is trying to milk ad revenue from the uncompetitive mobile market for as long as they can at the expense of their users.
takes way too much space but works fine for me. no issues with tabs or anything. gets a little laggy when there's a lot of ads on a website, but other than that it's fast and smooth.
when ll u guy allow add ons_ tired of all this annoying ads.
too much memory used , more ads _ increase more battery consumption. settings is _fake_
can't open web pages..... redirects me to ads
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive advertising banner that appears when you unlock the screen on your phone or pc, to put like and get more money_ currency in euros_ when become lead _olegon74_ and start earning_
advertapp application. 3a2kv code at the entrance. all russian and easy withdrawals. and apptrack application code w1738.
please add while zooming text wrapping, or reflow. add support for extensions or ads blocker.
advertisement
kindly get the add ons for the app eg ad block
this application has been compromised. allows infiltration of secure webpages by simultaneously running active advertising at the the bottom of these pages. htc one m7, htc one max,  australia.
it's google. what did you expect. it's enormous in size and probably does shady things with ads, that's how they have become unimaginably rich.  seriously... what did you expect_
i don't think it's just me, since the lollipop update when i scroll a page down through an advertisement, it always opens. quite disgusting move, guys. and it's not my screen, the whole family's xperia phones do the same _ and not just for my hand either _ yeah and i want tabs back, or at least the ability to switch them back on, it's a pain to remain organised when i'm trying to keep some tabs open for later use. cheers.
i have never seen a browser like this bcz thr is so many problems  1_ when i want to download videos . files without confirmation its starts download automatically and also its not showing how much that file is...     2_sometimes when i am downloading images why its shows _android system _camcorder _sound recorder _documents ..._    3_ in some sites without taping on ads why its automatically opens that ad page.....   i love google but i am starts to hate because of this type applications plz guys fix them
loved this browser.  but, it has stopped playing ball with my ad blocking software. have gone to firefox and atlas until google change their act.
why does this app size say 30.75 mb, then once installed tells me it's 82.75 mb_ isn't this kind of like false advertising_ opera mini once installed is only 9.62 mb and it works great. its just as smooth and fast as chrome so what is going on google with your mobile app_  why can't you develop a chrome mini for mobile_
no longer opens with my ad blocker running, sucks to part with it, but goodbye chrome.
it's best browser but memory space takes too much and please fix it to avoid ads  and unnecessary updates with no changes....
globe mobile app, where you can make money, and in evro..prosto see ad .. register under me mencha
not only does the chrome app now take more than twice it's original space, but the adchoice google malware is absolute garbage. if i wanted ads all over my web browser i'd install toolbars for that. get rid of add choice google also uninstalled from my pc because of this
every iam visit a site,it will be show ads to 4 tabs.i very hate that
the app is huge. it also is missing basic features found in other apps such ad the ability to organize bookmarks. also chrome mobile does a poor job rendering non mobile websites. there's no reason to use chrome when dolphin, opera, and firefox have such great browsers.
advertapp application. 3a2kv code at the entrance. all russian and easy withdrawals. and apptrack application code w1738.
there is a great app _globe mobile_. you look unobtrusive advertisements that appear when unlocking the screen, you put like and get the coin. currency in eur_ during registration enter the login invited _serg8108_ and start earning immediately. good luck_
works as advertised_
i cannot access more than one tab at a time. which is highly annoying because i usually keep 2_4 tabs open but i now can't access those other tabs. this especially hinders me because pop_up ads will open up another tab and that means i just lost the page that i was on. please change the tab viewer the way it was before. i cannot uninstall this update without it breaking my web browser. i've already tried.
just updated to android 5.0 last night. now, i get about twice the amount of advertisements on familiar websites and about twice as many full screen popups. i know ads have been around, but i haven't been this overcome by them in a long time. might have to switch to firefox with an ad blocker.
just updated to android 5.0 last night. now, i get about twice the amount of advertisements on familiar websites and about twice as many full screen popups. i know ads have been around, but i haven't been this overcome by them in a long time. might have to switch to firefox with an ad blocker.
i really hate what you've done to this_ it's impossible to toggle between open tabs, and a pain in the ads to open a new one to begin with. boo_
so my mate was messing on my phone and clicked on an ad and now when i am on clash of clans whenever i press send a message to my clan it sends me to google chrome and then redirected me to google play so now i got kicked for not talking or donating and iv tried uninstalling updates and clearing data but nothing works please fix this because even though i hate it i might disable chrome and install firefox _
please get an ad blocker feature or something.
too much of ads how to stop it need help
thank you for your business model. if it weren't for you we would be paying for microsoft software on our phones. i was completely against google when you first came out. as the time rolled by i kept up with google and noticed ventures into new areas. when you started your _free_ software with ads i was sold. now, your into just about everything, even robotics. i am extremely impressed by the magnitude of software we have available free of charge. google rocks_
when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. start earning money with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. the app is super _
drill globe mobailtut possible for free to earn money and spend it in the games, to pay for paid apps_ just when the gadget screen viewing ads appeared on the show ekrane.posle euros on your personal account. during registration, the first field to write who invited you. without it, the registration will not work _ write my nickname vystrel and invite more to us in a team of people will be swimming in money _
i'm on lollipop and i keep getting ads on home screen even tho i haven't got the web browser open. anyone out there that can help me please
we don't always want links  and adverts to other sites just to be able to log on and do what you need to do.
it's very distracting to browse with all those ad filled pages. if you don't want to add add_on capabilities then that's fine by me. but do something about those goddamn ads. please.
it would be a great browser if it was accompanied by an ad blocker function
works fine for me. no issues with tabs or anything. gets a little laggy when there's a lot of ads on a website, but other than that it's fast and smooth.
pull down to reload just gets in way of use. the 'x' that let you stop loading a page, i can't tell you how many times the page has been loaded enough to use but if loads all the way goes to an advertisement that continuously reloads if i try to get back to the page i opened. put the x back in thi main control bar.
no ad blocking features plus  extensions cannot be added.
i can't download any files properly  many pop ups will be showing ... any site i open it shows dwnld this app tat app etc etc ... it also show u r phone is at risk.. scan now download this link etc etc ... i won't download anything more ... i am hating this app ... plzzz change or remove those ad coming sites n all irritating stuff ...
for god's sake, stop with the constant adverts, if i could choose something else i would
i just hate the ads showing in this app whenever tried to access it  jst irritating app
can't manage downloads and cannot resume any download which stops suddenly without prior notice. fix it please. also the swipe typing feature's auto space thing doesn't work either.                         and still no addons. so purely useless for me as it doesn't block even a single ad
drill globe mobailtut possible for free to earn money and spend it in the games, to pay for paid apps_ just when the gadget screen viewing ads appeared on the show ekrane.posle euros on your personal account. during registration, the first field to write who invited you. without it, the registration will not work _ write my nickname vystrel and invite more to us in a team of people will be swimming in money _
ads popped out everywhere while i was browsing please fix okay tyvm
globe_mobile _ excellent application to run on the internet. earnings based on the husky advertisements or click on a link. payments are made in euros, at current exchange rate is very good. must have money you can to webmoney and paypal. when you register in the _who invited you_ enter_ cadmus without filling in this field can not register. all good earnings.
the browser is full of ads as it is of google. uc browser is much better than chrome
i hate to browse with these app because no pop up is being blocked. everytime i click on a link a new window opens with ads and sometimes the link redirects me to ads_
every time i make a touch it opens another tab kind off a pop up or an ad... don't feel like using it anymore..
using too much cpu_ram and no ad blocker, uninstalled then
here's a program for earning globe mobile excellent work_ enter _butik55_ is the login when registering_ and feel free to begin making the euro. especially do anything and do not need a cell phone on you will come and all advertising, not even you can watch it _ money credited machine_ create your team that would earn more_ the application can be installed on a pc or laptop.
ads everywhere that cover up the dumb new tab button. every website opens, then freezes then shows an ad at the bottom. why did this update seem like a good idea_..... . just a tip for everyone, go to settings and turn off the new tab settings to get the old tabs back.
so you love ads so much huh_ no more loving mobile version of this 
crashes when there are some ads on a page this sucks
but please add user custom ua, powerfull ads blocker _ exit option 
its not blocking advertisements it is very hard to switch b_w tabs plzz improve it
it sucks... have to clear cookies and cache... ads and ads.... crashes on 5.1.
it's very distracting to browse with all those ad filled pages. if you don't want to add add_on capabilities then that's fine by me. but do something about those goddamn ads. please.
unwanted ad when you browse
the ads is very annoying
this web browser is getting worse as it ages first no flash support _ still no solution available. now it starts to load pages and locks up my touch input. i have to exit the browser and go into setting and clear the cache, and reset the browser to get it to work, sometimes a minute sometimes 5. it never fully crashes so no crash report sent.  people want a browser that is compatible with their devices and then every where they want to browse. i feel you have lost touch. it seems that its all about the ads
the desktop version does not work properly i have a 5th gen intel processor that only has a problem using that browser drop downs don't even work also ads are a huge problem but besides that its perfect
lacks an ad and pop up blocker.too many popups. all the new browsers are having a decent adblocker these days, then why not chrome_
i hate these ads
works as advertised_
i update,  it puts ads on the screen do smthing. i unistalled update but still happens
this application has been compromised. allows infiltration of secure webpages by simultaneously running active advertising at the the bottom of these pages. htc one m7, htc one max,  australia.
it sucks... have to clear cookies and cache... ads and ads.... crashes on 5.1.
too much ads please solve it...
after update with million shitty ads and still crashing, im going back to my stock browser_never ever more chrome
brousing on chrome is a nice and fast trip. but the advertisement on chrome is noisy
many times when i open a page, i just get a white pages with no progress bar.  i have to call up running apps and swipe chrome away and reopen the page.  this happens far too often that it's making the browser unusable. this has been happening for about a year or more, on android 4.4 to 5.1, nexus 5 and nexus 6.  uninstalling doesn't help, clearing cache or data doesn't help.  there no ad blocker installed.
very slow, ads pop up all the time and keeps crashing on nexus 5
ads look horrible. if they stay like that i'll stop using this as my default browser_
google chrome keeps opening itself on both my galaxy s4, and my galaxy tab pro 10.1 all by itself.. it goes straight to this scam ad every time. soo, uninstalling. before this, it was flawless
invasive ads on all mobile sites, cannot default to desktop page. uninstalling due to manner ads are presented. save your screen real estate and use another browser. can't even uninstall...
lacks an ad and pop up blocker.too many popups. all the new browsers are having a decent adblocker these days, then why not chrome_
stop givin silly ads whenever  i goto any site. it keep on redirecting to ad site
whenever i open torrent popups come says your phone is slow update it and somtimes it open playstore to download a app plz fix it stop ads on chrome.
it's back again... clicks on news sites in particular keeps getting redirected to advertising. uninstalling.
hey you had a wonderful app on desktop. the ad block. can you add that on mobile too so that we dont get harassed by tons of pop ups. thanks_
many sites are now unusable on chrome because it allows ads to do anything without you even touching them. a page starts to load and i get really bad toast prompts that _i'm infected by a virus_ which is always a scam trying yo give you a virus, or play store opens and redirects me. and their support email js _no reply_. i'm done.
i was hesitant at first to switch to google chrome.  i'm so glad i switched now however.  the search results are spot on.  there's no long section of ad's to scroll through just to get my results_ which had been my experience with internet explorer and bing.
invasive ads on all mobile sites, cannot default to desktop page. uninstalling due to manner ads are presented. save your screen real estate and use another browser.
ads and pop ups everywhere_ that results to crashes. i'm done using this on my mobile phone.
chrome sucks because it can't stop ads and i hate ads which just pops up annd reload the page
1. its time to include extensions support.  2. hardly blocks pop ups, 1 in 5. 3. ad blocking highly needed.  4. open a page with flash content,  lots of images,  embedded videos _  slows down entire phone and itself _ restart required. but google guys won't listen because they know it all.
its better than the default internet apps, but before i did not have pop up ads, now i do and it is incredibly  annoying_ _ i even have the pop up option off yet it still happens. why. i ask you, why.
the ads and the sudden pop ups..._ chrome has to stop these... it's very irritating to use chrome these days
every time i close out and turn my phone off, i go to turn it back on a few minutes later all the 1st thing i see is a pop up ad saying i'm a winner for stuff. i've tried cleaning and scanning my phone but no luck_ fix this_
i am not liking these ads popping up. might use bing until they stop.
lots of ads  hate it
ads in the webpage, ads in the app below the tab...sucks hard, switching to opera or anything else
by far the best browser for android but it is still a little awkward and slow. ads on a page will load far behind the page, meaning when they do load, the entire page is shifted to make room, causing you to lose your place and even click the wrong link.
faster than firefox,  but doesn't have the features i like.   no ad blocking,  tools,  or add_ons.
none of the websites are working and it's really bothering me. like when i open something from twitter it won't work_ pls fix. also idk if it's from the website or the app but i'm getting ads now for apps to download_ stop.
explain to me the purpose of this nonsense. why don't you add necessary features_ like bringing back the tabs button, or ad block, or night mode, or figuring out a way to make this app smaller instead of it's current 120mbs size.
dorbthe past few days, i've been getting ads popping up on the bottom of sites i visit. i know they aren't site ads, and they are really bothersome.
keeps giving me ads and taking me to alternative webpages that ive never heard of sort it out plz
do you want to make money on the phone and netolko_ download prillozhenie with play market_ advertapp, enter invitation code_ 9m2xm and get me immediately 3 rubles. check all, only this brings money _ it's simple, ustanavlivaesh application vypolnyaesh not challenging assignments and poluchaesh real money. i wish you all good luck _
why are ads popping up on my home screen for games i don't even have interest in
this app always says i have viewed bad content when i didn't and it always has these annoying pop up ads freaking everywhere.  please block these ads_ other than that, it's a good browser _the desktop version is_
this is 120 mbs for what reason exactly_ no ad block, no night mode, no themes, no way to really exit, can't set a home page. the tabs don't work. the list goes on and on. the only thing chrome has going for it, is speed. it's still the fastest browser in the play store.
since the last few iterations of chrome these google sponsored advertisements keep opening up in new tabs by themselves. this usually happens when navigating a webpage and also when scrolling. it's frustrating to say the least. when those new tabs are then closed to go back to the original tab, chrome says popups were blocked. what the hell_ chrome is fast but resource intensive. i hope this issue is sorted out. it's forcing me to switch to opera.
even with pop_ups blocked, sites frequently have ads performing javascript or other redirects. this is apparently a rampant issue and needs to be fixed immediately.
but. ...... there is so  many ads pls fix it
using too much cpu_ram and no ad blocker, uninstalled then
misses the most vital thing in a browser _ an ad blocker. bit of a memory hog too. shame, it could be a good browser otherwise. useful for sites that don't have ads _ copying bookmarks from chrome on my laptop.
this is 120 mbs for what reason exactly_ no ad block, no night mode, no themes, no way to really exit, can't set a home page. the tabs do not work. there is no microphone in the google search box. the list goes on and on. the app looks nothing like the images represented in the play store. the only thing chrome has going for it, is speed. it's still the fastest browser in the play store.
its fast, but the ads are unbearable, i had to get one with adblock.
there is a great app _mobile globe_, and most importantly do not need to install anything. the essence of the work is that you get paid for viewing ads on your phone or on a computer _as you wish_, that you can just shut down and do not move on to the website, the money you will still get. get you'll not millions, of course, but if you get a group of people that i am now doing, is from 1 euro and more per day can be produced. adds to my team. during registration enter_ evgnmin and start earning.
this is 120 mbs for what reason exactly_ no ad block, no night mode, no themes, no way to really exit, can't set a home page. i mean the list goes on and on. tabs don't even work. the only thing chrome has going for it, is speed. it's still the fastest browser in the play store.
this is 130 mbs for what reason exactly_ no ad block, no night mode, no themes, no way to really exit, can't set a home page. i mean the list goes on and on. tabs don't even work. the only thing chrome has going for it, is speed. it's still the fastest browser in the play store.
using too much cpu_ram and no ad blocker, uninstalled then
this is a very basic browser, no ad block, no night theme, preinstalled.....
its really very annoying when you just touch and these ad's keep on poping out without any reason. plz fix that asap
damn chrome gets more poppin ads whenever i read manga online... this might the studiest update ever from chrome thumbs down chrome suck
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive ads that appear when you unlock the screen, becoming the like and get more money_ currency in euros_ during registration enter_ antonov13 and start earning_
no ad block, no night mode, no themes and missing several features other competing browsers contain. tabs don't even work. the only thing chrome has going for it, is speed. it's still the fastest browser in the play store.
it is a good browser but i find one  annoying thing that when i am not using the browser and  playing a game or  seeing my face book the ad come out which is very annoying and irritating so plz fix this
i now get popup windows and advertisements when i visit websites...
adverts are a joke. it's the adverts on web pages that are causing chrome to crash. my galaxy s3 is seriously struggling with the video adverts in pages. it's not even funny.
can't edit storage option without it crashing and the ad blocker is useless and now it is chewing up ram
without any tweaks this still is an ordinary stock browser on android.no add_ons,night mode, ad block.or anything.
it constantly freezes on multiple websites. the only thing this new version added was extra ad support. ads now appear at the bottom of the screen and scroll as you scroll. bad update.
freezes, lags, bulky, features_ basic or none_ gesture control,swipe, file viewer_player, layout, bookmark_download _ manager. ad block, display as, speed control, browse layout, search choice. speed dial. youtube is the only good app_ but you're breaking that too_ the rest is all nonsense and   bloatware, bloatware, bloatware
it's very distracting to browse with all those ad filled pages. if you don't want to add add_on capabilities then that's fine by me. but do something about those goddamn ads. please.
ads sucks_ '''
why google does not allow for extension_plug_ins on mobile chrome is beyond my understanding. the amount of ads is overwhelming. i am now using firefox exclusively, even if it's not quite as polished as chrome, as it at least allows for ad blocking. the amount of page overlay ads that chrome forces upon the user finally drove me away.
but please add user custom ua, powerfull ads blocker _ exit option 
automatic update on my android phone a few wks ago, _ it started crashing.  updated my samsung galaxy tablet, _ havent been able to use chrome since.  then, it slowed my laptop down _ lagged along with millions of ads popping up, so i removed it from my laptop.  i've been a chrome user since it arrived, but i'm switching back to firefox until glitches are fixed.
but where did all the ads come from_
plenty of ads. okay when they are in some part of the screen but the trackers always redirect to useless apps in the play store. also lags sometimes, works unexpectedly, in short it's a heavyweight app.  the refresh button sucks. google needs to take care of user experience.
my device may not be the latest flagship... but i'd like a browser that runs faster and gets rid of ads better than chrome. _still, as it is my only browser i give 5_
seriously guys...every time i open a page its ads all over...disabled java
fast much improved but have problems downloading files unlike puffin because ads being so much. unlike puffin i like lower screen that's blank up _ down nothing happens but on chrome ads pop up.  i can't benefit from browser because ads go nuts. also i keep getting a warning box and redirection on a site initially started. don't really get issues but ads way way much than before. guess google desperate for money
loved it...please block ads
its got some bug which takes me to some random advertisement page withouth and alert. a notification stating that i have a virus and need to install some app also keeps coming up. its also crazy for internet banking cause when i receive the otp from my bank by sms, i need to navigate to my sms inbox, even if i permit chrome to run in background, its reloads the page and i loose the session, almost impossible to conduct internet banking.
when browsing i often get a warning that my connection is not private but these are normal sites that i browse on my pc with chrome with no problem. i'm using my home secure wi_fi so not sure what the problem is. what is with the pop up ads and random redirects to the play store while using chrome_ this makes chrome unusable. i think i might just uninstall chrome for right now until problems are fixed.
ads pop_ups doesn't matter whichever website u try surfing.._ _did all possible way to overcome it, nothing works.._
can no longer use my keypad because of these ads
only 3 stars now but i will give 5 stars when you developers ad option of ad_ons. this option is very helpful.this option is available in firefox for android but speed and look of fire fox is bullshit against chrome. you developers made a good browser but it will be best when you give ad_ons option.if you do so then i will give 5  stars
some ads keep force opening google play store. can't disable javascript, 'cause the website uses javascript too. it's really annoying
chrome seems to be redirecting to an ad site on almost any link that i click. i've tried opera, firefox and just recently chrome beta and they all seem to work just fine. can we have this looked into please.
i'm sorry for this, but, seems like this is the worst app browser mobile phone i've ever tried. the pop_up and ad block didn't work properly and made the page that i opened showing something i don't understand.
pop up ads keep on coming... and click on ad wares.. going to uninstall if not fixing it.. damn
seriously this app sucks too, many,  ads
edit, ice had to drop the score as of recent both chrome and beta are not working as they're redirecting to an ad site and it's only doing this on chrome . please fix this.
with lots of add n all its name should not have chrome its name should be advertisement browser
lacks an ad and pop up blocker
i need ad blockers.
works as advertised_
i'll be looking at a site and it'll auto redirects to ads or to games in the play store. this after reinstall and virus_malware scans. firefox doesn't do this.
whenever i search, there's this ad that comes up_ i can't even read a story online because of the ad. please fix it because it is very irritating.
nowadays featured ads makes search almost double time consuming.i wanted to uninstall but it's in the root.pls remove this .
after new update now every site starts showing ads. and i can't close and if i press back button the tab closes. now settings and close button is changed and it is very inconvienent.
chrome is a good browser but iam continually getting my browser hijacked by ads and having to use a third party tool to clean it of these ads.
very slow, ads pop up all the time and keeps crashing on nexus 5
why not change ur name to ad browser, pop up chrome browser,
too slow and using too much cpu_ram and no ad blocker, uninstalled then
since i am using this browser, i couldn't figure out what this meant for_ except some 20_ data compression what it has.._ we can save more data if you have provided add on feature and some ad block add ons. no customization, no useful settings, no speed dials. looks like ppl just mad who use this archeological browser. best of luck btw.
on every single log in i see an antivirus ad. sick of using it.
hai google team.. can y'all fix for v 4.4.2_ also ads.. when i open site page its directed go to whatsap install page.. and very annoyed.. im getting frustrated because refresh many times to avoid that apps.. please fix it.. i really appreciate it, this ads always attack when i want to open the site page.. please and thank you for your work..
chrome browser is slow, lagging in scroll, force closes very often and pushes me to random ad websites. hate it.
ever since i update, it putts ads on the screen when im on websites, are you that hard up 4 money. you should do smthing about it. i have unistalled update but still hppns in middle of apps
to many need update and now keep out advertisment...why need all of this...
restore _stop_ button like the older versions then i'll consider for 5 star.  this is very painful to see the loading of tons of flash advertisements in web pages and reducing my mobile data_
whenever visiting web pages chrome opens a new tab which displays ads and opens play store frequently and its annoying to turn off javascript everytime when visiting a page. please fix this.
whenever i visits some page it's redirect to ad page
yes, we need extension for android version, as you know mobile version webpage are extremely flooded with ads...if extension available, we can install adblock to block the redirected ads. yes the extension are so essentials guys
love it just wish i could move it to my ad card
chrome does nothing but have its mini hiccup crashes about 40 times a day. i cannot keep putting up with this cheap while i'm reading from my phone a lot, i'm 40 is not an exaggeration. that also does not count the full blown crashes around 12 or more a day. i followed the instructions on how to solve this problem but neither clearing data or reinstalling works..time to switch to firefox where at least i can block ads.
_unfortunately chrome has stopped_ again nd again,even f not open_ nd f a page opens ads everywere. whats going on google_ unuseble now
i am an avid chrome user but off late, its been like hell. it redirects me to unwanted ads whenever i open any webpage. tried uninstalling, clearing data .. nothing seems to work.
i keep getting annoying popup ads where i hit close_cancel_leave and yet i'm being forced onto either another website or the app store to install app _s_ _ it varies day to day ... i visited the same link on a pc wit chrome n i have issue ... must b anriod and_or chrome ... lame .... pushing me back to apple ios n iphones
crashes lag nd ads everywere.was good before,now chrome just svck.zero stars till fixed
from last few days i am encountering a lot of advertisement on chrome ....unable to open even a single web page every page leads me to an unknown app download page ...but working fine on firefox ...
really great to use on note 3.  still rocking the version with the refresh button and no adverts.  not updating till latest version is fixed.
now a days when i open the browser and search for any site, a diff site of some ad opens up after the loading of original one finishes. this ad cannot be skipped in any way.
going backwards but still helping new users more looking for advertising an tax dodging profits again sadly.
1_ there are no pop up blocker and ad blocker in it like in mozilla and uc browser.  2_ it becomes very slow and laggy while loading videos.   3_ there should be screen lock while playing videos. 4_ it should have ability to add addons. 5_ the update has made it more lagsome.
i've got no viruses but anywhere i click is an ad. wtf google i tought you can do better. you guys disappointed me. can only do one star. and btw i tried the new version and it sucks aswell.
lean and mean, however the main failure is that google decided not to support add_ons such as ad block. firefox does support add_ons and is perhaps even a more intuitive browser.
too slow and using too much cpu_ram and no ad blocker
some very suspicious adverts make me think this is spyware.
one of the best browsers on the market and syncing across devices is great. it has slowed down a lot over recent iterations though. i'm sure it's a problem that will be rectified in the future. i also really need some way to block ads on an unrooted phone. i know that google makes money off of advertisements and so do many others, but some ads really ruin the experience. also, ads rarely make me more interested in a product and they have been used as an attack vector at various times. if you could guarantee my safety i'd be okay with them, but even big companies have been caught accidentally serving up malicious ads.
one of the best browsers on the market and syncing across devices is great. it has slowed down a lot over recent iterations though. i'm sure it's a problem that will be rectified in the future. i also really need some way to block ads on an unrooted phone. i know that google makes money off of advertisements and so do many others, but some ads really ruin the experience. also, ads rarely make me more interested in a product and they have been used as an attack vector at various times. if you could guarantee my safety i'd be okay with them, but even big companies have been caught accidentally serving up malicious ads.
ads are popping constantly.  in my opinion adblocker would make this browser perfect.
problems with pop_ups and random redirects, no ad blocker
ads... there are everywhere... goodbye chrome.
so many ad pop_ups, has started crashing pretty regularly. what the hell, man_
while i'm using it, for example, reading e_books, there's this ad that keeps on popping and when i ignore it by pressing the back button on my phone it redirects to a page wherein it says that i should download this certain app. when i press the back button again the pop_up ad will pop again. i can't read or surf properly. _ please fix it. t.t thanks_
what is with the pop up ads and random redirects to the play store while using chrome makes chrome unusable. i think i might just uninstall chrome for right now until problems are fixed.
no add_on functions or capabilities to block ads and data tracking. i hate how ads keep popping up on every website i go to. i love you google, but the mobile chrome browser is horrible_
when i click on a link, i can read the page for a 30 seconds until it loads up advertising_ dating powered by vodafone. please fix_
this browser worked well for me until recently but now it gets hijacked_redirected to advertising sites every time. sick and tired of it now....bye bye google chrome. nexus 7 lte 2013 using 4.4.4
great app. if only they should limit the ads
alot of pop ups and ads are there......worst experience and very bad browser....plzzz fix it
maybe add an built in ad blocker_ or ad blocker for android_ that will be great_
should be called _freeze_ instead of chrome. search freezes. facebook freezes. affiliate ads on page_ well that causes page to freeze. hmm, is there a theme here_                               if this is representative of how google is doing things lately, should  i start to worry about how there handling security as well_ i have been a big fan and advocate of google and one of the first users and also use there web development products as well _which are terrific_. these browser bugs however are worry some
powerful and fully functional download manager needed for any browser but missing_ extensions not supported ever and i hate google ads on web pages that are consuming 3g  data and small device screens.
restore _stop_ button like the older versions then i'll consider for 5 star.  this is very painful to see the loading of tons of flash advertisements in web pages and reducing my mobile data_
please fix the ads that come out like the whatsapp thing, it's disturbing me.. thanks
loading ads pages and making me to feel worse
_ rastalozophia community a platform for communication                           advertisement                           free exchange of ideas                           general culture                           entertainment                           rastafarian and of course our content is in our philosophy is always subject of your views_
ads_ons please.. that ads always annoying.. i like you to givw ads_ons like ad_blocker
most of the sites pop_up ad please add pop up blocker like uc browser.
every time i open my phone, i'm treated to some ad from gsearch which installs with chrome
yep, finally had to uninstall this. was a shame. i just had too many situations where ad pop_ups were maliciously redirecting me to junk sites, and making it impossible to navigate back. internet forums seemed to be aware of the issue, but google's response was lackluster as far as i could tell. otherwise the app worked ok, and if like to reinstall it some time if this issue goes away.
love chrome_ i like the idea i can pick up on my mobile where i left off on home pc. i also like that although it's chrome mobile i don't have to worry about extentions being installed on mobile app. i have had a problem with ad extension being installed on pc. it's annoying because it produces annoying ads i don't want to see.
too often websites with java script redirect you to other spammy advertisements which are borderline malware.  i stopped using chrome and went back to firefox because of this. add a function that allows blocking of specific sites or that prevents redirection loops.
ad blocking feature also there is showing message like this plugin is missing. fix it.import bookmark option
full of ads, crappiest browser
almost all photos not loading,  pop up ads sneaking through and the relaunching in an endless loop. also it's slower than the stock browser
i used uc browser and i was almost petrified by the number of ads popped up without my permission. but with chrome my browsing is wow_
lots of ads pop up which do not happen in uc browser and file download is not easy as in uc browser
there should be a ad blocker also
the only problem is that the ad from _yep me_ covers the whole screen when the web page is zoomed in ...
i am facing only one problem with it and i.e it is not blocking ads which is making browsing very difficult
but please add custom ua,  ad blocker _ exit option 
automatically opens ads in play store on any website and everything is jammed in one screen without _compatibility type viewing_ _ whether or not you decide to provide updates will and can affect you because you as google are one of the top companies. i haven't seen an update in a month or even within 3 weeks. also the keyboard lags alot. pos company _ pos app.
lots of ads
needs support for videos purchased from play store. i am not kidding_  i am also tired of all of these advertisements finding their way through the pop up blocker so there needs to be an full advertisement blocker and stop all of these corporate clowns from advertising they're crap on sites when we do not want to buy they're product_ ads belong on billboards, newspapers, and tv after tv program goes off_
needs support for videos purchased from play store. i am not kidding_  i am also tired of all of these advertisements finding their way through the pop up blocker so there needs to be an full advertisement blocker and stop all of these corporate clowns from advertising they're crap on sites when we do not want to buy they're product_ ads belong on billboards, newspapers, and tv after tv program goes off_
come on google_ firefox mobile is still way ahead of you guys when it comes to functionality and speed_ also, firefox includes addons which allows me to block ads include stronger privacy options. guess what, they also include bookmark_add_on sync and chromecast mirroring_ how many features does chrome have_ just one _bookmark sync_ bye chrome mobile browser, it was nice knowing ya.
this browser is the best in aesthetics_ simple yet feature_packed, intuitive and user_friendly, at least for me. however, it would be better if it sports extensions like the pc version. i would love ad block _like from uc browser_ to be here too.
can't watch a video on kshowonline peacefully. this whatsapp ads keeps on popping everytime i go back to home page. please fix it. thank you
recently, for about the past fortnight, i keep being redirected from a web page to an advertisement, can't even call it a pop up as it's more like a total redirection. when i hit back to go back to the web page i was on, it just seems to refresh the ad itself. the only way to stop being redirected is to hit the stop button altogether before it takes me to god knows where. any ideas_ other than that, works fine and is a great app.
recently, for about the past fortnight, i keep being redirected from a web page to an advertisement, can't even call it a pop up as it's more like a total redirection. when i hit back to go back to the web page i was on, it just seems to refresh the ad itself. the only way to stop being redirected is to hit the stop button altogether before it takes me to god knows where. any ideas_ other than that, works fine and is a great app.
really a very poor browser. it has tons of advertisements in it. i prefer to use opera browser rather than this.
alot. any page that has video or many flash ads is usually going to bring up the snap page or force close. the lastpass browser works great.
a lot of ads
its allow for to much popups and ads show its wasnt like that in older vers... and yes the block option is on
you r doing good but please make a advertise for this site because most of people doesnt know about your site its awesome
i love it ad more to app
the moment it asked for contact, photo access and device info during an update, i click uninstall instead of update. this app should be used for studying and not to collect information about the user. i am already getting coursera ads on my email and i don't want them no where near my phone.
but i cant go to some coursera pages without the ad for this thing popping up.
too many ads. tv shows and movies are a little bit old and some are 10 years old. and there are not a lot of choices as it seems in the provided pics.
could be good if_ 1_ no ads every 10 minutes, 2_ didn't crash every 10 minutes, 3_ didn't load random movies in the middle of what i'm watching...  there is a list and i'm not inspired to give these developers any actual brain spark.  also the real reviews are hidden you have to open them.
yes there are ads, but what do you expect, you're getting free movies ffs_
i agree with mathew blanchard. give us the option to remove ads.
my family and friends all said goobye to crackle this week. they now have 5 advertisments every 10 minutes. after 5 years of crackle, goodbye. they now even block you from leaving a movie if its in the middle of advertisments. i got tired of watching a movie and crackle would not let me back out to the main menu until all 5 advertisments were over.  maybe when everyone starts to realize you now have more advertisements then live tv you will loose all your members.
this app has been less then satisfactory.  advertisements run great. the shows on the other hand don't. you find your self watching sections of movies over and over . you also finding it stopping constantly. very close to uninstalling. has of yet i have not been able to watch one movie without problems.
would giv 5 stars if there wasnt so many ads and not so much  buffering
when you lose the buffering on every thing except the ads you are just the joey butifuco of the online movie providers. go find your appendage and maybe you'll provide better service.
love free movies and shows,who cares they make you watch a few ads. no different then watching cable that you pay for_
after the ad starts the movie from the bigining again and again
i'm a long time crackle user. the ads used to be short and tolerable_ about 20 seconds per break. now with the amount of time multiple ads take per break i find myself going to other apps instead for movies. i've enjoyed the crackle  original shows, but they're not worth the time spent watching ads. i'll keep the app for one more month to see if crackle reduces the amount of ad time during shows_ otherwise, i'll delete the app. it was good while it lasted.
i like a little bit of the content but there's  way too many ads. i was watching powers, and 4 minutes into the show, 3 ads in a row popped up. not cool
has like 23 movies, too many ads
way to many ads, buffering happens more in the movies than is worth while. crashes right after each ad in every movie. they dont have all the new movies they claim to, waste of time do not install
this app has decent selections, they are scheduled viewings for time frames and new ones scheduled as well. ads are a drag but it's a free app, so can't complain. so far i choose to continue using this app. 3 stars is fair.
first of all, this app ads you to death_ i tried watching one movie _ it forced closed at least 7 times during the movie and the wifi connection kept disconnecting. my network connection is very reliable. so... a movie that should of taken only two hours to watch, took about 45 minutes longer due to all the delays. also, i searched for sandford and son bc that was a show option in the past. no results. guess i'll uninstall this app. good selection of titles so it deserves one star. plz fix_
the app just reeks of the stench of desperation. on my nexus player the movie hitch _2005_ played automatically on load. the ads broke in without respect to scene breaks and were the same ones every time. none of which were for items i had a realistic opportunity to purchase in my region. i think the nearest jack in the box is over an hour and a half away. will be removing the app after i finish hitch _surprisingly i seem to have missed it on release_. also it'd be nice if the closed captioning options actually worked.
the only thing that is wrong with it,  is that it shows a lot of advertisements.
good app but not perfect.  keeps crashing when switching from advertisement back to movie, when i try to sign in or even create an account.
time isn't free and the amount of time you spend watching adverts will cost you, so the movies really are not free at all. i will never own a prius, infinity or any other product advertised on crackle as i am worn out by how many times i have to watch the same advertisement over and over. one good egg out of a dozen bad does not make the rest good eggs, you have one good movie for every eleven bad ones.
to many advertisements,  other than that great app.
it uses up a lot of bandwidth on mobile and to many ads also it always displays ads in best part of movie i wrote them today to express my concerns other free apps use less bandwidth but movies are not up to date
been using a few years, only problem is the ads now are getting to be a bit much. sometimes with more ad time than the a actual show itself. but, i love the show selection. all my favorite from the early 80s to 90s are on here. don't really care for the new shows so this is perfect for me, just wish the ads could be toned down a bit, maybe even an in app purchase to kill the ads_multiple commercials_
have tried this application on every mobile device i have, and to no avail. i understand that this is a free app, but why offer and or develop something that doesn't work properly. all that i've been able to do is start any show or movie. and what happens low and behold i get to see the whole verizon fios commercial in its entirety. then starts the movie or show. and you don't even get to the opening credits and it shuts down. only to try it again and have it happen all over again. now before i receive any sort of lame excuse it has nothing to do with my internet service provider, which i won't mention who it is. especially since everything else that i use it for works extremely well. the bottom line is that your development team needs to fix this issue asap. and unlike a lot of the reviews that gave been posted. i'm not complaining about the advertising that obviously is what is paying for us to view these programs for free. just have it work to begin with. now i don't normally give any feedback on anything, however this is really annoying to try something new and not having it work. unfortunately this experience has most definitely not been good since i wasn't able view anything.
offers a narrow selection of mivies, but they are free and legal to stream. it has a lot of ads, but i admire that only requires one permission whereas other similar apps want to be able to completely take over your device.
there is to many ads and only a few shows
theres too many ads commercials, need to update movies gets boring after seeing the same movies over agian
the ads have higher volume, who needs that_
the app keeps failing, and the ads are so repetitive and horrible. it's extremely frustrating_
ads work fine.  movies and shows crash.
it is nice that the app offers minutes and shows, but there are too many ads.
while i don't mind ads, they get overly redundant.  don't know how many more times i can watch the verizon ball_survey that seems to play 800 times a movie.
stopped playing while watching. app also crashed and stopped completely when switching to the ads while playing a movie.
awful app. every time an ad pops up it starts over leaving you to find your spot. then an ad will pop up. then it'll start from that spot. but only half the time. there's a 50_50 chance that instead it'll just buff n freeze.
good idea watch movies for free watch some ads not bad. yet the problem is the ads pop in to much if they cut 80_ of the poo ads it would be 5 star. i understand ads yet their is a line of were to many ads is just a garbage app. if they fix this problem i would rate higher until then stay away from this add or help rate it down.
only 4 stars cuz too many ads...
this app just keeps improving_ never expected that a free app would do so_ nice that someone doesn't have to register to watch, but i did, and i don't regret it_  ads are minimal and not intrusive at all_ keep it up crackle_
crackle doesn't work  the ads and descriptions for crackle say it's movies just for you no its a lie  because every movie i wanna watch isn't on there my brother wants to watch a movie its not on there if i wanted a app that i have to work for i would of got netflix or minecraft or something else but really it says my facebook account  won't work it works just fine or i leave the app and it comes back so i have to shut down the phone and tablet and turn it back on and it freezes my phone so this  app dosent
its good and all but to many ads
its good, but why must ads pop up during the movie_ dont waste your time people
i've had crackle on every device i've owned since i found crackle years ago. i don't mind the ads. people complaining about them are failing to realize that when watching regular tv that commercials take up far more time than a couple of ads that are only a few seconds. crackle is better than hulu in my opinion. hulu once was free but now they charge even for basic hulu _ at one time that was free. crackle is freeeeeeeee so everyone needs to stop complaining.
to many ads
and force closes when trying to log into facebook i've reinstalled to see if it would, nope... your ads are full screen and no exit when they appear also...
has a lot of ads
the movies and shows on here are great and i don't mind the ads except that after the ad it jumps back to the scene from the end of the last ad and when i try to advance it i have to watch more ads. also it randomly will freeze and either say my band width is to low _on a multi gig connection at my office_ or the app just crashes entirely. one this gets fixed it'll be 5 star all the way, using a samsung note 5
app will randomly launch itself to display ads _ uninstalled until this gets fixed _at least wait for me to actually launch the app before spamming me_.
cant go wrong ads are annoying as he'll though
you sent me crap ad _notifications_ daily. i deleted your annoying app.
it's bad enough, not being able to make an in_app purchase to remove commercials_ads, but after the ad, you are not returned to the movie_  i have to shut down the app, reload it, reselect the movie and _resume_ play... no way will i use crackle over hulu or netflix_
i don't mind the ads great app
great movies that you normally  wouldn't try. it has ads  but not too many. it's great_ xd
get to watch all the previews and when its time to watch movies it buffers and never shows not one movie i have picked to watch  just advertise two thumbs down
watching shows no problem but movies problem. it keeps rewinding after an ad which is annoying.
the ads ruin the experience for me.
it has ads but at least its free
it played the move but after each ad i had to restart and resume.
overall it's a good app except all of the ads
all movies here are sooo old_ advertisement all over_
it should include all tv shows and less ads but overall i liked very much
not a big selection. but the only one free as advertised_ thank you.
too many ads
i understand the need for ads, but when they interfere with playback and make the app unstable and unusable_ well, that's unforgivable. terrible app
good app too many commercials ruin it. im willing to watch some ads in exchange for free content but the amount is excessive
it doesn't play the movies im  deleting it.. it only played the ads
awful app it has horrible movies and has too many ads
good movies..but too many ads and buffering if you don't have patience_
not one, not two, not three, but four freaking consecutive ads as i'm watching my movie_ and there might have been more, but i stopped it at four_ i'm disappointed beyond belief, because i really liked the movie selection too, but four ads_ if i wanted commercials, i'd be watching my t.v_
_constructive criticism_ broaden movie selection and minimize ads and buffering.  but its free and some of the movies are great
its all bad. can't watch movie without it dropping and shutting down. so annoying. i think its because you got the lame as advertisement that's flooding my space. then shuts down. not cool
half the time i can't open the app because i get warnings that my phone will eventually run too slow.  if comedians in cars getting coffee wasn't on this app, i would have given up the struggle with shutdowns and constant ads.
can't watch anything a retry ad pops up all the time and exits out
keeps crashing _ too many advertisements
i got my popcorn ready to watch a good movie and the ads just interrupt the whole adrenaline or the comedy i hate it its repetitive also i hate it  _ _ _
couldn't watch anything and ads popped up every time i clicked on anything.
this is crazy. 5 minutes of advertisement for every 1 minute of movie watched. these guys suck. worst app in the world. also, you go back to the top of the page everytime you back out of reading descriptions. these developers need to go back to school. the owner of the app needs to shoot themselves.
4 stars for ads... how do i get rid of them_ i'll pay_
too many issues...ads ..buffering every 15 mins ....having to reload or restart...uninstalling_
i was so excited to watch all the movies on this app and sat down and chose the movie i wanted to watch and the advertisement kept popping up through the movie so i got irritated and stopped the movie. if i wanted commercials i would watch regular television.  if it was my opinion the advertisement should show before the movie and that is it but sorry crackle i will be deleting this app.
used it a long time ago and got it back. great playback, for those who say is slow or keeps buffering, that is not the app people, better get faster internet because this plays perfect. ads are understandable as we know that's what keeps it free. thank you guys, keep it up_
it sucks  movies are ok but when they return  from an ad  they start at a part that was already  played
movies rewind themselves  after every ad,crap app
look i will never buy a toyota tacoma so   showing me the ad 15 times in one movie just makes me hate toyota as a brand. i would be fine with one ad at beginning, middle and end but 3 every 10 mins just spoils the app. i turned off and found the movie i.was watching on youtube ad free.
good, fun movie selection, if not all that plentiful. you do have to suffer through quite a few ads, which can be annoying. but the biggest problem, by far, is how it glitches. it can either bounce you from the movie you're watching or from the app entirely. usually i can get it up running again soon, but taking time to troubleshoot detracts from the experience _especially after waiting through ads_. i've also had one movie where i couldnt get it to play beyond a certain point. i have the app on android.
number of ads and the frequency of those ads is freaking annoying. uninstalled
keep buffering every two minutes and more advertises than used to be.
you erase my comments one more time and i am uninstalling i need technical support attack force wont play other movies keep freezin due to ads cant figure out how to search by genre help help help ugh_
everytime i watch ad videos in between the movie, all of a sudden when its about to play back the movie something pops up saying there was an error occurring while playing the video. please fix the problem please_
way too many ads
buffers to much and to many ad's
to many ads it would be better if you had none
gives error when trying to play any video. but will show you ads till the cows come home.
needs a ad removal probably a in app purchase same for ps3 but if we buy it for android make it compatible with ps3 systems or other devices and possibly make the phone connect with the ps3 or other devices so you can remote play the videos from our cell phones to the ps3 or other systems. and don't forget about ad removal with a in app purchasing method ads really suck all ideas in this comment are free to use.
it has a lot of good shows and movies the only thing that bothers me is the ads like there's more than 20 ads through a whole movie
crackel you definitely need more movies and shows_ theirs hardly a variety of movies and show to choose from, and if you want to get more stars the 3 then i suggest you get many many more movies and shows and also enough with all the advertisements seriously they take up so much time and theirs so many of them. quality is good but the quality of the app its self is terrible.
used to work. now it always says_cannot play video_ after the first advertisement. uninstalled and reinstalled and the problem is still there. i'm on a gs3 with 4.4 kitkat.
its a great app but... its got so many ads, around every 5 minutes and it et really annoying
i can put up with a few ads since it's free.  not such a bad deal.
nothing but ads and buffering worst app ever uninstalled suxx don't waste your time
i like the selection of movies and tv shows, it would be nice to watch it all the way through without the ads
crackle needs to work on so much stuff if they think they're going to compete with netflix. half the time the video doesn't load. sometimes it will load the ad, but not the show, then it will say i've already watched the show_ on the odd occasion that it does work, if you're watching a series, it won't progress to the next episode_ wtf crackle. get it together_ all of this stuff happens on my smart tv the same way it does on my smartphone, so it's a deeper issue than just the phobe app.
i don't like how you advertise pineapple express and then when i go look for it it can't be found
i hate this app i have to to constantly uninstall and then install it again.  plus commercials come on every 2 min it's annoying and when yu go to install the app again it shows all these good movies but yet the app has none of the movies it shows it does.  false advertising
it's a great app_ i've been using the free version for a while now, and i'm learning a lot. i like the variety of ways they use to teach, ie_  writing, and speaking in spanish, as well as choosing the correct words for a sentence. i go over the past lessons, to make sure it sinks in. i can absolutely see how much i've learned, and how i'm improving. oh...and there aren't a bunch of ads popping up either_ yeah i'm very comfortable recomending it. it deserves 5 stars easy_ gracias
a very good ad free language app.
i am learning at a pace that is comfortable for me. so far it has worked perfectly for me. i am learning to read, write, and speak french_ i tried another app first before duolingo and it was awful_ it was riddled with bugs, ads, and pushing for upgrades constantly. duolingo is just what i needed and what i was looking for_ it is pure perfection_ i am very happy_
nicely designed app, ad free, really enjoying starting a new language.  you learn by doing, picking up rules by trial and error rather than studying, but it seems to work_
it is a super app to learn english. . i'm working hard, and greatly improved my writing and even pronunciation. and best and even stranger that is completely free and without ads .. is the best. thanks creators of duolingo thank you very much
there are no ads, no push for in_app purchases, and very few bugs. i'm 19_ fluent in spanish now, according to duolingo. i had some trouble adjusting to the no_grammar_rules format at first, but i can't deny that i'm learning.
does the job well, the adverts don't overwhelm and it rates my spanish speech _i do think it is a little generous but what do i know_
i spent 3 years studing spanish on highscool, and my vocabulary was clearly lacking from inadequate practice. this feels like a game and builds my understanding of spanish more than a traditional course. no ads. great intentions, probably the best app i've ever downloaded
what a great no ads app_ it makes it easy to refresh my high school spanish.
absolutely brilliant how it brakes it down step by step. finally someone who knows how to create a actual learning app for those who are willing to learn an most of all you can spend as much time as you want on it haha_ no ads, don't have to pay for anything, and best of all great learning system_
no joke, this is the best app i've ever download. there's no ads, and they never ask for money. everything is just perfectly think.
for a completely free and no ads app, this is outstanding _ quality product, five stars
this is a great app for learning some basic italian. i don't know if it's perfect, since i don't know italian, but it at least gets main ideas and concepts and teaches full sentences and phrases instead of just a few words like some apps. you can also set daily email and notifications to remind you to study which is nice. for a free app, it's beyond amazing and better than some _4_ language apps i've encountered. more importantly, there's no annoying ads. huge bonus.
no pop up ads, and super easy to use. the daily goals keep things challenging, motivating, and fun. would definitely recommend_
been using for over a month now amazing_ no ads _
i don't know how they did it, but this app is really free_ _ no ads, no nags, no locked features_ _ and is the best software for learning languages out there. i've tried commercial discs and programs costing hundreds of dollars that come  nowhere near it.
i love this app. it is a genuine treat, free but void of any annoying ad's or purchase options. it works well, layering your learning and mixing reading, writing and speaking allowing you to do as much you can when time is sparse and encouraging you if you need a reminder to do more. i've been using it for a year now and have had no problems with glitches but several updates have been successful in making small improvements.
i recommend for those who want to learn. free without ads .. that happiness. one star less because it would just add courses or summaries that help understand our mistakes. thanks again.
works great and doesn't have lots of annoying ads.
free, no ads, and easy to use. what more could you reasonably hope for_
i give this app 20 stars cuz it didnt lie _ no ads , no gimmicks _ its free _ _. 1 issue i have is what level u need to b on to speak . i see that it lets u hear them speak, u read , u write , but u cant speak back like if u would if u was using a translator app . how im suppose to kno if im sayin the words or phrases correctly . i'll give u alll stars _ if u help me out . hope u guys r readin _ this . i started on 1_5_2016 if u need my username let me kno .
great way to learn a new language. helped me brush up on my german. no ads, period. it doesn't get much better than this app.
and its free_ no annoying ads, picks up where you left off even switching from several devices i.e phone, tablets.
it's better than any rosetta stone or mavis beacon and its free with no ads or microtransactions in app. amazing_
i love this app_ just beware it's very addicting_ kindly reminding you to practice each day. it's easy to navigate and honestly surprised that's it's free...not even ads popping up_ there's several didn't learning strategies, so it's not all boring and the same thing the entire time. definitely sharing with my friends_
i am learning four languages.  very user friendly. no ads. you need to try this.
love the app. love seeing comments, helps me understand the language better. i enjoy working towards a daily goal, keeps me motivated to keep at it. keep up the great app without ad's_
i loved it_ it is free, no ads, and its easy to learn_ also, so much fun_ this is the best language app ever_
no ads, no hasstle. fun fast and easy
excellent app, no more advertise_  and easy to use
_its not only improving foreign languages but also  my native language...._please also ad arabic language,wanted to learn arabic as well.  loving lingu_
this is not a language learning app as advertised.  it solely for gameplay. each language is put together by volunteers with no qualifications in languages, translating or teaching. some members even introduce themselves saying they know nothing about the language. their algorithms are questionable and seem to have no scientific basis.  they believe complicated grammatical issues can be crowdsourced by people with no knowledge of the languages. actually, there a quite a few more cons but they won't fit here.
free without ads and super useful. congats
i like this update please ad in your next update lists of verbs , adjectives everyday give 10 verbs and adjectives please ad keep doing good job thanks to make better my english too helpful app and also ad arbic my freind want to make better arbic so aslo ad arbic
i am very impressed with this app. it is user friendly, has no ads, and though you won't become fluent in a foreign language using it, it is a good way to learn some basics.
one of the best free ads there is.
best app to learn different language.ads free must download_
great app duolingo developers. no ads, makes learning easier n interesting. keep the good work going. thumbs up_
no ads. still my favourite app.
thank you, fun by effective method for learning. also, there is no ads, popups and any other limitations.
i never rate apps but this app is just honestly so respectable and good that i want to help it spread.  there's countless languages to learn in a fun and almost game_like _level completion_ structure.  it's free,  there's no greedy corporation schemes or annoying ads.
this is really a 5 star, quality app regardless of price, and it's free. what's not to love_ i took 6 years of french in school and was not even close to fluent. though my  memorization of lists took me far beyond the vocab covered here, it was pimsleur audio courses, later replaced by this much better app, that got me speaking and understanding quickly and fluently. simple, streamlined app with lots of important content like different languages, little to no junk filler and no ads. perfect.
gamefying something is probably not a novel idea now, but duolingo does it in such a way wherein you can learn at your own pace without being pitted against those who are progressing much more rapidly. it's free. the interface is simple and straightforward. it is clean and not clunky to use. there are no ads to distract you from your lesson. the language courses, while not extensive, are numerous enough for you to lose yourself in. oh, and have i already mentioned it's free_ it is. for real.
it's really free and it doesn't have ads. but your method to teach isn't the best. you concentrate in writing and listening. but you have to improve a lot in reading and speaking. also something you must have are dialogues_ and grammar lessons are necessary_
functional, clean, no annoying ads. nothing else to say.
no ads. add offline package especially spanish. you get my five _
great app, teaches using matching, typing, and speaking in a mini game style format. only a few modules into spanish, but seems like any easy way to learn another language in your spare time. can't believe that it's free, with no ads. please keep it that way.
this is the best language app i tried, and i've tried a few.  my biggest problem in the past was putting time aside to do a lesson. now when the  adverts come on,  out comes the phone and another lesson is done.  _
always stable and works well.  no annoying ads makes this app the best_
it looks good, no advertising and is very easy to use.
it's 100_ free, no ads, 5 stars_
a great app to learn a new language with. no ads or micro_transactions interrupting lessons.
it's very simple and easy. no ads, doesn't bug you, and the lessons are way easy. just kinda wish it had modern spanish
pros_fast, fluid, and easy to use. duo lingo is determined to keep you learning and coming back for more. from adjectives to phrases, foods, animals, flirting _ more. no ads. what more can you ask for_ cons_when it comes to speaking into the mic, i'd like enough time to articulate the advanced sentences. its like im supposed to say it as fast as the audible. would love an accent meter of some sort. patois_arabic_swahili_jamaican_belize or any other west indian _ african language would be nice, mandarin too.
free and no ads. this will help anyone to learn a language.  you work your waythrough a tree doing sessions that will take five to fifteen minutes.  set yourself a daily target and earn points.  test yourself as you go along.  the system even tells you what you need to revise as you progress. mostly reading and listening but you can use a microphone to practice speaking.  suggest combine with collins 3 in1 textbook forfurther explanations and examples.
have been working with this app about two weeks, and i love its style. i tried a heavily advertised app first. its marketing was off putting and its application not satisfactory to me. duolingo uses repetition, matching, recall, spoken language, spoken feedback, etc, and stimulates my learning. i can review prior lessons as many times as i want. new lessons build upon the old. excellent_
duolingo is everything an educational app should be. free without ads interfering with performance and keeping access open to all regardless of budget. fun with opportunities to challenge oneself and friends to excel and stay active on a consistent day to day basis. effective in not only passive recognition but production in speaking and writing. the best language learning program for mobile devices.
this app makes learning a new language easy and approachable. lessons are short enough to do while between other tasks. and it's ad free_
started using the original website, this app is even better_ good lessons, and all for free with no spammy ads. fantastic service.
took spanish class for a whole year in high school, and i've learned more in 3 days of using this app. the fact that it is 100_ free, and no ads, just makes me want to but the developers a cup of coffee anyways. keep up the great work on the app_
i really like it, one of the best free apps i've used. no pushy advertisements_ it could be a little better by giving some explanations on possession, past present tense and the like in the lessons but otherwise a lot of fun to learn. danke_
i'm so impressed with quality and everything being free. no ads either_ totally enjoyed it. looking fwd to japanese and korean version
amazing free ad app, incredible tool i'm absolutely enjoying it.  i'm learning german now. definetily recomended
such a detail beautiful app, that is ad free and just perfect.
very practical and ad free
no ads, be nice to get a few more languages on here tho. excellent job though guys. i love how you guys have the streaks and lingots challenges.
great app, really helpful. however, it has been freezing lately with a few pop up ads.
im learning very fast u love this ap no annoying ads or popups. great work guys
amazing app . easy to use ..no adverts and free. what more could you want
seriously quality app idk how they even make money no ads or forced payment
i would really recommend this app to those learning a language, or just improving on one. it's well laid out and easy to use. i couldn't believe it was free at first_ it's ad free, simple, very well designed and perfect to learn languages with_ i'm just using it to improve my french, and it has taught me so much in such a short space of time_ my only suggestion would be to be able to learn two languages at once, as next year i will be picking up spanish. c'est genial_ worth the install.
its free _ its ad free. i'm enjoying using it. i am learning _ its great you can set it to spend as little or as much time on it daily _great when you don't have alot of time but can still fulfill a small daily goal_....but.... i think there maybe one or two errors in the spanish words. it appears to be mixing up the translated versions e.g. the word for season is coming up wrong etc. i tried emailing twice before i left a review to resolve this but got to answer. hence the 4 stars.
it fits my pace and repeats the things i make mistakes on. plus, it's free and has no advertisements_
at this point i'm convinced that the duolingo folks are anti_asian or something, because i've been waiting over 3 years for some kind of asian language support and all the only _asian_ language they have is turkish. you can learn european languages if you speak an asian language, but not the other way around. for a website that advertises itself on language learning, why are only european languages supported_
one of my favourite apps on the market. gets a bit repetitive, but still provides a unique experience without ads and for free.
how about truth in advertising_  don't say free only to find out it is a trial with e exorbitant cost to keep application_
this is just what i was looking for. i tried quite a few different apps and all fell short. love the game aspect and like how it adjusts to your personal learning pace. so nice to be free from pop up adverts. thank you for a super cool learning tool_
best solution to relearning my spanish. free, no ads, makes learning spanish fun for some weird reason
thank you for a free _ ad free learning app. it's beautiful, easy. _1 star_ unable to choose my lessons. example_ i would prefer not to take animal lesson_ would rather learn furniture names, because i can apply it to my life. also, a language keyboard for when typing other language, would help. follow me mrs mmadams and let's learn together _im on level 3_
i'm from melbourne, my wife is from sao paulo... duolingo is my voice.  this app has helped me communicate much more effectively with my extended family...  thankyou duolingo...  i'm happy to do any advertising you might want_
great app. makes it fun and easy to learn languages and also offers a variety of languages. as with any app, it has a few bugs but nothing terrible. there are no ads. none. and it makes the experience so much better.  my only issue with this app is that it doesn't explain sentence structures and i would love to see that at least minimally. there is a comment section that is very helpful and hilarious. overall i highly recommend.
i don't really think you can ask for anything more from a free and ad free app.
money free, ad free, great app. so far very impressed at how simple and effective the ui is. highly recommended
ad free, online helps and discussions, awesome motivation, it's my favorite. duolingo helps you do just a little a day, and it really begins to stick. it's like passively learning a language simply by trading your daily phone games for duo.  do it your whole life and who knows how much you'll learn_
the best free app, no ads, 100_ gratis
much better than other apps. free of ads
this app is fantastic. it makes learning a language fun. and the best part about it is that it is 100_ free. there are 0 ads whatsoever. there are a few flaws from time to time but they fix them in a timely manner. there is a place to talk to other people who are focused on learning the same language you're learning to help each other out. it is simply the best app on the market.
awesome design.  free app.  no ads.  keep waiting for the catch that doeant seem to come.
excellent app to improve your english knowledge_ _ besides it's free, it doesn't bug you with ads.
completely ads free one of the best language learning apps probably the best of them all i'm learning german and i haven't found a app that can compete with this one
full free, no ads, the best language learning app_
i don't know how they keep this one free, there are no ads. very well structured, appropriately repetitive, easy to use. much better use of time than video games or surfing the internet_
i've learnt more german in 3 weeks than i did in 2 years of study at school_ free app, no ads what's not to like_
it really is free, no ads. great variety of learning tasks. recently the speaking tests have improved. after two months of doing about three classes a day it says i'm at 40_ fluency. new words and grammar are slowly added and repeated in future classes to make them really stick_
this is the most fun i've had learning a language and it's so easy since it's right on my phone. it's the best language program i've seen and you can't beat the price... free_ being ad free is awesome and i love reading the comments posted about the questions. it's great having social media tied in as it allows you to learn so much more and feel a part of something.
a great little learning tool that is free and no ads. a rare gem. i hope they keep it that way. great job.
this app is outstanding in my opinion, especially since it offers so much for free and without ads.  my only complaint would be that i'd like certain concepts of the language i'm looking at to be covered in greater detail.  however, since i've yet to fully complete the german course, i cannot say at this point if the information i'm looking for is included in the exercises as a whole.  5 stars all the way.
it is free, and no annoying advertising, a modern miracle
the gaming method is addictive and effective.  with no advertisements to get in the way this is a really great learning tool.  download it and use it.
i can't believe it's free_ i'm waiting _and won't be upset_ when ads start showing up.  i've learned so much so quickly_  thank you_
super fun. does exactly as advertised.
i love all the different ways it uses to teach the language. can't believe it is completely free. not even ads.
very thorough learning. very clean and well made app. no annoying adverts. it is pretty much perfect_
thanks developers. in a time where people are trying to mint out money from users in any way possible_ you still don't have any advertisements to bug users up_ kudos_ _y_ keep up the good work_
it's free, it's very good, no ads...  probably the best app there is...  proper basics to any language.  what else is there to say_  get it_
no ads, no delays, no problems, no excuses, what a great application_
great app, very useful ad fun. highly recommended_
this app so user friendly you can learn language with ease i m learning french. crafted so nice. and core secret is it has no paid version or anything. no ads. that's why i love this app. u also try it. i just want they also include japanese. because for that i have to use another app
very helpful for leaning new language. the most important is that it's totally free without showing annoying advertise
the lessons act like an addictive game. i didn't want to put it down. you can test out of things you already know. imagine all the triggers of candy crush working for you to learn a language you are interested in without ads, or money sinks, with a clean and simple interface. ... one year later i took a break from duolingo, then took the test again  when i got a new phone. the app was so effective that i scored exactly the same as when i left off and i have been able to continue my progress with no problem.
i want admin to ad japanese language course too
this app too good its not only free but no ads. the only thing i would have is a feature where it would ask you something and you would respond in whatever language your leaning according to the question. for example, how are you_ and then you would have to answer.
i have a ton of respect for a developer that can come up with a stable business model that doesn't manipulate it's consumer base at all. there's no catch, it's completely free to start and free to finish. no ads, no pay walls, nothing.
no ads, better than babbel, because you can play back the sound several times... and it's free_
a bit repetitive, not enough emphasis on listening or pronunciation. but it's good that it's free and has no ads
really, this is not an advertisement. the methods, quality, and design of duolingo make it the greatest ever. i am enjoying learning spanish and german now. keep going and free_
i love this up, it is helping me to learn french language, but i still think you need to ad some more pictures and conversations and you don't need to count on the internet, we hate that. except that thank you _
maybe for future it's okay to insert some ads here
i absolutely love this app, esp has no ads. i been practicing spanish _ french through duolingo for quite a while. would appritiate it if you add some more conversational sentences_phrases to the courses, and it get even much more useful, practical._ thank you.
so far i'm learning several languages and i love it. this free and zero ads app doesn't coddle you but throws you right into learning. the reward system makes it more like a game. it's awesome that they keep adding languages. glitch update_ ukrainian letters not showing up _ _ _ _ _ _. could we please get a tab or button we can push to view our streak progress_ you can only see it after you complete a lesson. it would be nice to have as a constant we could check. chat _ offline options would be fantastic_
great learning program. encourages both the spoken and written language. no ads at all. encourages daily practice by rewarding streaks. it's reminds you to go back and strengthen any areas you are weak at. it's really just a fabulous program for self study.
this app is well designed and effective. using crowd sourcing to make it free with no ads is pure genius. i hope more companies follow suit. easy five stars.
one of my favourite apps on the market. gets a bit repetitive, but still provides a unique experience without ads and for free.
great app. 100_ free. not even ads
it is free, it has no ads, and it can be used offline. great all_around learning tool.
informal or indirect learning so learning is thru memorizing rather than understanding sentence structure _ grammar. however, the course structure is like a quiz game _ can level up so its fun. gamer will like it. will use it when i have time. app really has no ad _ its free._ unable to delete unwanted language course after signing up for it. pls fix this. thanks.
how can you not love a free app with no ads that teaches you a foreign language.  duoling rocks_  seriously though, it's excellent.
i use free version and i was very surprised regarding quality of the application and ad absen_.
this is an excellent app in learning french. and it is free with no ads.
i'm using this app to learn spanish and its pretty decent. i like the reminders and its reading speaking and listening so it's good for me. love that there are no ads. it would be better if they went over the basics first but i haven't finished all the levels so we will see how it goes.    update_ this app is cool but it stops my phone from connecting to wifi, had to delete it. please fix problem so i can download again
the best learning app ever,but i wanted to learn chinese _ unfortunately it's not here_ couldn't  you please add this one asap_thank you for your advertence_
great app to learn languages for free. no ads too. not sure how long it will last that way.
fun and educational. no ads, no having to pay for advanced levels, as of now
how something this good is not only free, but also ad free is amazing. its the  most logical and easiest way to learn another language and i really have tried many_ cannot rate highly enough. thank you, duolingo..  'grazie mille'  _
have been wanting something like this for years. quick, easy to use, learning heaps, no pesky ads or anything to interrupt and so far bug free for android version.
i just finished the basics of german and oh man has this app done wonders_ the one and only gripe that i could possibly have, which is in no way their fault, is that sometimes their translations are oddly worded. the reason that's not a problem they can solve, is because most of their work comes from the people who contribute. please if you're bilingual consider helping out and adding your skills. they really would appreciate any new skills. this app is totally free, and doesnt even run ads. get this app.
love this app a lot. no ads and it's completely free. the app forces you to be proactive in learning.
great app for learning languages. at least up to some basic level. it's free and doesn't have any ads.
if you are sick of being treated like an outsider or visitor when you travel, then i will recommend to you duolingo. stop being treated like an outsider and learn the language. completely free no annoying ads. its free.freee.freeee
please ads africkaans
to be free no advertising and can get very good results using it daily.
great for quick study sessions and can't beat the price and absence of ads.
great stuff no ads and free.. u rock
great way to learn new languages. beware though,  it's rather addictive. completely free and no adverts_
this app is the best app to learn a language, has everything you may need to achieve your goal. best of all no advertising and it's free all the way. it is amazing
i love all the different ways it uses to teach the language. can't believe it is completely free. not even ads.
i love this app_ a free app with no ads and you don't have to pay to unlock higher levels. i'm using it for german on my phone and norwegian on my tablet. my husband and my mom are using the app for spanish. the only thing i could ask for is for them to add russian and japanese please_
it's free no ads and it is perfect for all languages
app works well _ attractive display, no ads, no bugs, no crashing _ but it falls short of its goal of teaching a language because it includes no lessons, but instead relies purely on memorization. while memorization and repetition are undeniably part of learning a language, they do little good without explanation of the rules of that language.
simply the best, no ads no problem at all
no adverts _yes_ no glitches so far. easy to use. i'm really liking it _ the daily reminders are a little annoying but worth it to have this app
this app is amazing_ you use a variety of tools to learn new words and phrases. i was surprised at how many lessons there were in the app, especially considering that it's free_ i don't understand how it can be free with no ads, but a big thank you to developers because this app is the best_ i'd also love indonesian for english speakers.
learn spanish easily, best language tool i've ever came across no adverts, fun and easy to use
good program. and, more importantly, completely free and without advertising. it helps me in the study of the german language with a knowledge of english.
very useful and intuitive learning system for languages_ i haven't had any problems with ads either.
i've tried a few language apps, and this is one is by far the best. it not only teaches you to read and write, but teaches you to recognize speech and also checks your speech. i have learned more from this app than i did in 3 years of high school french. best of all, it's completely, 100_ free, and there are absolutely no ads.
absolutely amazing considering there's no ads, it's great for learning languages
a great app so far i like how there is no pressure.. no ads.. no fee.. teaches allot of useful words phrases and spelling grammar.. i especially like how if you've missed a couple of days.. it has you build your strength back up..i find i need to study just alil more often y yo hablo espa_ol. tambien gusto el pajaro verde. voy a duermo, buena noche. also i wish there were more ethnic languages as i am of 2 ethnicities.
very fun app and its free. the advertising is not overbearing.
i think it's way better then rosetta stone. the words they teach you are more applicable to day to day activities and they provide lots of ways to help retention. also it's free and has no ads which is a huge plus.
one of the most fun language learning apps. easy, free and not a dang ad in sight. keep up the good work.
i use the app every day and bit by bit i am remembering how to spell, translate, and say the words. also the app makes it feel fun unlike learning it in school. although i would have like to see more auditory exercises, but overall it is a fun and easy. plus no advertisements_
for a free service available on the desktop and mobile you really can't beat what duolingo offers. there are truly no gimmicks. no ads. and the translations are vetted by the users. i have used rosetta stone, and while it is certainly way more immersive, the software is atrocious and you have to pay extra for their online services. duolingo is a 5 star program, period.
i downloaded this to help me improve my spanish and to learn german. it's a great app and i love how i can use it on my phone, tablet and computer. i have suggested it to everyone i know and plan on having my daughters use it as well. one of the best things about it is that it's absolutely free but doesn't have any advertisements that i have seen so far. great app_
i'm using this app to learn spanish and its pretty decent. i like the reminders and its reading speaking and listening so it's good for me. love that there are no ads. it would be better if they went over the basics first but i haven't finished all the levels so we will see how it goes.
i love this app it has actually helped me communicate with adobe of my friends but i think you should ad a translator. so we can type things in and get the translation... that would be nice
incredible app. helping learn italian. not once has this app asked me for money or bombarded me with ads, easy 5 out of 5 star.
it's free, it's simple, no ads, and even better than my german teacher. but can you add more skins for duo_ thanks_
this app does exactly what it promises_ help you learn a language. duolingo is educational but very laidback and fun. although i'm going to be a spanish teacher, i've been using this app for portuguese and it's helped me retain information. whether you're a beginner or need to brush up on skills, whether this is your first time learning a new language, regardless f age, duolingo can help you, if you're willing to put in 15 minutes a day. the app's design is very appealing to the eye and no distractions, such as ads, appear.      the app is somewhat innovative because language_learning programs exist, but something easier that duolingo doesn't exist. although it's easy to navigate, i wish there was a few changes. i would change the fact that daily reminders to practice are only sent to email, instead of as a phone notification, which means you constantly have to be connected to wifi in order to use it. also, i wish there was a way to interact with other people who are at your stage of learning because after all, language is about culture and culture means socializing. overall, the fact that these features are free means i would reccomend it.
it's so hard to learn a language for free but somehow duolingo does it and they don't even interrupt your lessons with ads.
it's 100_ free, with no ads, there's a website in addition to the app, and a community to help you out with any questions you have. this thing is great, i love it.
it is awesome for vocabulary and beginner level and absolutely free, no ads, no paid content. five stars.
the app is almost perfect. here is one suggestion to make it even better. put photos and little gif or html5 video clips in your exercises. language is best learned when it can be associated with visual information. for example, i learned german by watching cartoons on satellite tv. i would be willing to pay for this app or have unobtrusive ads in it if it had visual exercises.
no ads, nothing to pay for, and i am actually learning to speak multiple languages. if you've ever wanted to learn to speak, write, and read other languages,  you need this app.
unbelievable app, definitely 5 stars. it is free, there are no ads. it is extremely intuitive, and the user interface allows you to practice writing, speaking, translating... it is truly an amazing way to learn a language or to practice as a supplement to a university course. i have practiced everyday for about a month in spanish, which i took for four semesters at the university of texas at austin several years ago. i fully expect this program to strengthen my spanish to the point of fluency.
the way it teaches you the languages is engaging and fun. really love this app. you'll become addicted to trying to master all the languages it offers. best thing is that it's free and no ads. pure quality. download it, you'll love it
the app is almost perfect. here is one suggestion to make it even better. put photos and little gif or html5 video clips in your exercises. language is best learned when it can be associated with visual information. for example, i learned german by watching cartoons on satellite tv. i would be willing to pay for this app or have unobtrusive ads in it if it had visual exercises.
we need more apps like this one. completely 100_ free _how do they make money_, effective, friendly, easy to use, not too pushy or annoying and ad free. forget 2048, this is the real deal.
great language learning platform that is as fun as any game you may get on your phone and its free with no ads and it keeps expanding its language selections_ great ui great everything_ i love it.
this app has been a really great base to my language learning, along with listening and reading in the new language.  it's fun and feels more like a game than a lesson.  i love the fact that it makes me go back and strengthen past words too as this has really helped to fix them in my mind.  easy to use accross all my devices _pc, android and apple_...totally ad free.  highly recommend.
i am trying to learn french and have been on it every day since i got it it tells you how fluent you are and praises you when you get things right which helps so much_ never any adverts and you set your target there are loads of different languages and i love this app when you get something wrong they will include it again to make sure you get it and it will remind you to go on it every morning to learn more i love it _
simply the best app you could get for learning foreign languages. it is also actually free, no ads or anything of the sort.
style of teaching takes a little getting used too. but absolutely fantastic, especially considering it's free. syncs perfectly with the website on a pc if you are logged into your account on the app and website. website provides more detail about _why_ and _how_ a word is used. no ads whatsoever.
i am learning swedish and it's fun but i would like to learn japanese to but it doesn't have japanese so i would like them to ad japanese please.
no ad.  simple ui.  stepwise training.  simply efficient and intelligent app.
learn in a fun manner a new language _there s a choice of several languages_. there are no adverts, no in app purchases, and the app is free. its hands down the way to learn a new language.
no ads, free, and useful_ it really doesn't get better. thank you_
i have been using it for a couple weeks and fell like i am leaning. no ads is also great
i'm not joking. it's helping me already_ advertisements were out for babbel. it said you could learn languages for free but really, for that, you have to pay. do not even try to download babbel. i think duolingo needs to have advertisements out because it's really for free and it helps loads. loving this app so much_ also in school i chose french for one of my languages and whenever i answer a question got to do with it, the teacher gets really impressed and people wish they were me.
i can't believe such an awesome thing would be free, without any ads even _'_ it's the best_ _3 the exercises _old and new_ are totally awesome and you can study as many langues as you want_ the. best. total fan here.
simple to use, lots of available languages, no ads or pop_ups, and great for fitting a new language into a busy day. love it_
i like this app but it bothers me when the translations don't make sense. also, it'd be nice if rules were incorporated like rules of accents over vowels. i tested out of the beginner lessons so maybe i miss them_ i love that they are no ads and its free
i love this app_ it's easy and fun to use, and i love that it's free and there are no annoying pop_up ads. it's been a great addition to the french lessons i'm having too.
hard to beat a free app that's well thought out and no ads. my whole family is using it.
simple but it makes learning foreign language easier and fun. no ads. happy using this.
quality with no adverts. so great_ thank you.
the lessons are broken down nicely and make use of language learning techniques found in other titles. the best part of this app is that it does what it's designed to do without the distraction of advertisements.
it helps making learning another language more fun than in school can be.   adding this with another google app helps even more _don't want to advertise_.  just play and have fun learning.   also online community is one of the best i have seen.
couldn't ask for more with no cost and no ads. awesome, and by my non professional estimation, very effective to boot
great app for languages and ad free_ love how i can do quick lessons anytime whenever i have a spare few minutes
it's a fun way to learn a language with a lot of options for how to do so. it's not perfect but it's free without ads. and a lot better than some paid programs.
this app is fun and easy_ i have learned so much in just a week or two. you learn at your own pace with no ads what so ever_
an excelente free learning app with no ads. my spanish has gone to 40_fluency in a month. yo soy muy greatful for the creators of this app. highly recommend.
can't describe how much i love this app, you get to learn any language you want and its totally free. no ads no subscription, its literally the best
i am loving this app_ it is incredibly fun and easy to learn another language.  i do not have any gripes, how could i_ it's really free. no ads.  duolingo, thank you for such an amazing app_
no annoying ads or premotions and actually teaches you a lot_
this is literally one of the best free apps around the google play store and i am absolutely satisfied with it.   what is good about this app,  is that it is free,  yet so simple and it seems like it is advertisement and buys free. there is nothing around the app to annoy you while studying,  it interacts with you on the highest maximal level,  and it surely does help you to study new languages.   i recommend this app, 10_10. i believe that people should make more useful apps like this.
one of the best app i have ever had. i totally love it and you will love it too if you are keen to learn new languages. i am on spanish now _. hope to learn it soon. thanks for making such a great app. try including local indian languages like punjabi, tamil, telugu etc. and the best thing is that there is no ad popping out and it will never ask you to rate it. thanks a lot.
no ads, no begging for donations, and best of all, a great teaching tool.  the only improvement i could want is more games, but really, it's already awesome.
no ads r popping and within an hour i did cover basics of french
apps free with no ad's...that's great in its self but is easy to fit in to your day. only thing i would change is by adding abc's _ 123's.
the best free language learning app available, no misleading in_app purchases, no ads and awesome design. also the website is awesome, i love you duolingo_
no ads.  no charge.  a very clever business model and a very intuitive app.  well done.
excellent ..free no ads..interesting and effective learning techniques.i think it would add to the app to have summaries of vocab and skills learnt .this would be another way to review and study the material ..thanks for a great course
i took 3 years of spanish through my school and i have to say, i have learned more in the last 3 days of using duolingo than i ever did in school. it's great_ this app makes education fun. you don't realize you're learning, it just feels like you're playing a game and beating levels_ the best part is there are no ads. it's completely free_ no in_app purchases or anything_ i am in love with duolingo and can now proudly say i am 6_ fluent in spanish in just 3 days_ great job guys_
to be totally free with not one ad, i have no complaints. thank you for this.
makes learning a language fun and easy to practice daily _ i love that it's free and there are no ads.
easy and fun to use, and best of all, free_ no annoying pop_up ads either, now that i think of it. duolingo is great for building vocabulary, but for learning verb tenses you may need outside resources. i'm using it to learn french and unfortunately the only way to learn how to conjugate verb tenses is to just sit down with a bescherelle and write them out.
i know some people are harping on this app because it only has several language choices, but it's still an excellent app. they are actually working on adding many other language courses to it, one of which is hebrew, which i am looking forward to taking when it is released. the app is completely free, there are no advertisements, and it makes language learning fun. what more could you ask for_ i highly recommend it to anyone who wants to learn another language_
it's very helpful, diverse, entertaining, but challenging. would definitely recommend to everyone. there're no ads, too. simply love it_
for english speakers, it has a lot of courses available, so it's possible to learn various languages. it has sound tracks with pronunciation for every word on screen. lessons are short enough to be completed in just a few minutes, and the visual resources _images_ along with pronunciation tracks make the lessons highly effective. and last but not least, it's totally free _ no ads, no in_app purchases. just perfect _
such a great learning tool. i've tried a few different apps but this one really works.  takes things at a good pace, reminds you of words and phrases where needed, no ads or pop ups _ all round great app_
a free app that effectively teaches you another language_ yeah,5 starts from me. sure it's not 100_ perfect but what it, also it's free and so far with no ads. freaking awesome app_
seriously we could all sit here nit picking but why should we_ this is a spectacular free service, ad free, with users in mind. well played 5_
i absolutely love this app because its taught me quite alot_french_ and the best part is that it's completely free and no ads. plus they make learning a new language much more fun.its like an intellectual game.thank you very much.
really ca'nt describe your efforts in words. very user friendly. thanks for making it as a free, ad free app.  learning espa_ol using the app.  pretty fun.                 _ es muy _til para m_ _
very stable app with no ads and is free_ great and fun methods to learning new languages.
it's free, no advertising, entertains a lot and learn demaciado. you have to be constant. i think he lacks interaction with others to practice what they learned.
amazing free app. no ads too. that's weird lol
a week in, i haven't seen an ad yet, the lessons are iterative, addicting and the imagery and ui is polished_ everything is easy to use and navigate. duolingo is like playing any mobile game, except it provides tangible benefits. would recommend to anyone.
this app is fantastic.  proof you don't need advertising and in app purchases to make a project work
helping me relearn spanish.  no intrusive ads or anything
very useful app. great courses and absolutely free. not even any adverts
i really enjoy duolingo. the various targets that you can set ensure that you keep trying until those targets are fulfilled. the app is very well designed and runs smoothly. yes this app is free and with no adverts, which is great. but unfortunately it is not the best app for understanding grammar. if they could give you more information regarding grammatical errors or an understanding of why, for example particular endings on words are used etc.. it would be very helpful.  but all in all for a free app it is excellent_
perfect app _ interactive without ads ... the best for sure _
brilliant...and one of the few apps without annoying adverts.
it is totally free _ there is no advertisement.._ the teaching method  is also awesome
learning a new language has been made so much easier with this app. the best thing about this app is, it doesn't pop up irritating advertisements. it has unlimited exercises and learning bar to keep us updated about our progress.
duolingo is amazing. the app still need some improvements but it's ad free and quite simple to use, just great.
so far so good. love that there are no ads
i'm learning french. this app is fun and easy_ going. not perfect, but hey it's free and no annoying ads which is a very big plus. i would highly recommend.
this app is great for learning spanish. a few minutes a day is enough to learn and keep you interested without boring vocabulary. totally ad free. only complaint is that notifications don't clear if you open the app from the desktop as opposed to the notification panel.
very happy. love that there are no ads. i am fluent in german and use the app to keep up my language skill since i don't speak it much anymore, pleased to know that it translates correctly. i think i will start using it to learn new langauges  next
this app is pretty good. no ads or bs either. my only wish is that it would give me a button to read the comments when i get the answer right, because sometimes i just guess correctly but don't understand the rule behind it. similarly, it would be great if there was set of rules given as you went along, for example i'm learning spanish, and it would be great if occasionally it explained the tenses or formal_informal etc.
i think this is one of the best language learning apps, i already learned english, now i am studying german and i have  memorized 200 words_ wow_ on top of all, this is totally free, no ads. just a clean app. i want to thank the developers and all the people involved to make this posible and all those who keep improving the app. _d
i've tried a few language apps, and this is one is by far the best. it not only teaches you to read and write, but teaches you to recognize speech and also checks your speech. best of all, it's completely, 100_ free, and there are absolutely no ads.
really fun, effective and useful. free and without ads, don't have any second thoughts in downloading the app.
critically heralded and constantly seen in lists of the best apps, duolingo is a free tool that helps you learn a new language, as well as improving your current skills. the best bit is this that free actually means free _ there are no subscriptions, no pestering ads and no hidden fees _ can_t say fairer than that. as the app is always being updated, there are constantly new challenges and languages to learn and master.
no ads.
other applications can not nail this program. 0_ 100 educational advertising. try it, you have a little patience ...
i am enjoying trying to learn many languages for free with no distracting advertisements. i hope more languages will be added in the future but there is a good selection of european languages now.  thank you duolingo crew.
i love duolingo and use it to maintain my portuguese and to take my portuguese experience and learn spanish.  great app.  free and free of annoying ads or spam.
no ads no payments easy to understand and really high quality in general.
no pop up ads, and super easy to use. the daily goals keep things challenging, motivating, and fun. would definitely recommend_
_keep it free for forever  _withnot advertisement in the appz _its not only improve my foreign languages but also  my mother tongue ...._please add arabic language also,i want to learn arabic language too.
a free service with no ads _ qu_ bueno _ es muy amable _ not many people do this and you could easily charge for this brilliant app. thank you so much , restoring faith in humanity
no ads, instant feedback polls, and ability to skip ahead for prior knowledge
free, no ads, looks and feels great. the process of learning is both fun and efficient. so many languages. used it for learning russian _ english, en _ german, en _ norwegian. i don't even know what else to ask for. thank you and keep up_
best app .. i use and recommend completely free .. no advertising .. has a goal every day .. it msm warns you always ... works only online .. but it is worth learning the app .. _ _
it is very dynamic and great live your daily life without being annoying. geniallll dedicated without advertising
it's truly free and does help you learn another language_ wish there was tests included in same app, and possibly games that help with visualization, which is very important in applying the language into real life. but it does what it says. there are no ads popping up every three seconds and i have never been asked to buy anything, it only asks _reminds_ you to practice at the level of commitment you choose. what a great free resource to get your feet wet into another language pool_
no ads, very useful, and very beautiful
nicely designed app, ad free, really enjoying starting a new language.  you learn by doing, picking up rules by trial and error rather than studying, but it seems to work_
no adverts in the way and you can learn a lot in one level of the basics_ keep up the good work people_
application great, easy and descomplocado. no advertisements. in fine, perfect. recommend
picking up on italian and some questions arise but easy to learn. great app_ has not asked me for money yet and no ads.
i really enjoy languages and this is an amazing free way to learn. it might be nice to have a microphone toggle while in a lesson, as i have inadvertently pressed the button to disable the mic.
it's free, fun, and no ads. gracias duolingo _
this is such a fun and easy way to learn a language. and i love that it is really free, they are not constantly trying to sell you upgrades and there are no ads. i highly recommend it_
i've found learning languages through duolingo to be surprisingly effective and fun. i'm amazed the app is free and isn't filled with ads or micro transactions. keep up the good work_
it has a bunch of languages to chose from. they are all european languages. there could be more. i like how you can do lisening activities, speaking, translating sentences, learning vocab with pictures, etc. there is so much to learn. occupations, family, the present, preterite, imperfect, etc. you can change how serious you want to be with the app. also everything is free. no ads.
this app is amazing beyond words. there are several languages to choose from and you can do multiple languages at a time. duolingo helps you with vocabulary, sentence structure, conjugations, pronunciation, spelling, and so much more. and, there are no ads. i genuinely love this app_
i love this app and recommend it to anyone who's looking to learn a new language or touch up alike. it is absolutely free_ no in_app purchases, ads, or gimics. no bugs experienced. _
this app is easy to use, no ads, and its design makes me want to keep playing_
it's not a bad app, but, you need to add more languages. they are other languages in the world that people want to learn. i for one want to learn japanese but you guys don't even have it. anyways, as i said before it's not a bad app but please ad more languages.
i like this application because this application is free and no ads in application
thanks to dl's innovative business model, it's also completely free. that's right, no in_app purchases whatsoever. not even ads. the interface is polished and clean, to boot. i recommend wholeheartedly.
...i'm learning spanish_ _ i will keep this up and if it works _it looks to be a good system so far_ i will write my 5 star review in spanish_ thankyou for this app, please keep it free, and if you decide to go down the advert route, please stay away from those ghastly pop up fullscreen ads, one when booting or closing the app and banner adverts would be fine with the option of a one off payment to remove them.
...i'm learning spanish_ _ i will keep this up and if it works _it looks to be a good system so far_ i will write my 5 star review in spanish_ thankyou for this app, please keep it free, and if you decide to go down the advert route, please stay away from those ghastly pop up fullscreen ads, one when booting or closing the app and banner adverts would be fine with the option of a one off payment to remove them.
it's fabulous_  i've used rosetta stone which uses more pictures but other than that they're virtually identical and this is free_  as in no ads, no paying once you get to a higher level.  super great learning language app.  i'm totally impressed.  _
i'm having a lot of fun learning german. it's a great app. it's free and doesn't have advertisements.
it has very few bugs and data errors. it's also advertising_free_ the application is great supplemental tool for learning a language.  it simply lacks a structured, formal introduction to grammar. it excels at the most important part of learning a new language_ repetition.
no, you're probably not going to become fluent if you only use this app to learn a language.  but keep in mind that it's free.  and there are no in_app advertisements, and you don't get harassing e_mails trying to get you to upgrade to a version that costs  _.  if you complete a whole language tree, it's roughly the same as what you'd learn in the first year of that language at university _ the 6 or 7 most common verb tenses, plus the most important aspects of the grammar, _ lots of vocab.  it's very easy to use, well_organised, and very accurate.  i recommend going to the duolingo website from time to time to read the explanations at the beginning of some of the skills _ they're very helpful _ don't appear in the app.  also, continue to review the skills as their bars get low.  if you finish a whole language tree and continue to do review lessons often, you will have a very solid foundation in the language _ will be able to move on to an intermediate_level programme or class.  p.s._ duolingo, pleeeeeease add finnish _ czech courses_  latin and greek, too. _
its amazing and it never get slow. no ads whatsoever_
i am currently learning german on this app, and it's going well. this app has no advertisements, which is a solid plus. this app is amazing, and i recommend it to anyone who wants to learn an extra language_
the best thing about this app is that it is ads free. i love the fact that duolingo tests you all the way through your courses using everything that you learnt in the previous lessons so you dont forget any of them. i just hope that it wouldnt count the speaker's language mistake as a mistake because it is always a typing mistake. thank you for the amazing app_
its great for what it is. i could think of maybe one or two things i would change, but im only 4 lessons in, so i really can't be sure. so far i love it. im learning swedish, and the format is similar to rosetta stone _the demo that i tried anyways_. very comprehensive, and pleasing to look at. i thought it would be something i would do in my spare time, but i find myself picking it up all the time, and recommending it to friends. it really is a great little app, and for free too. the ads are not intrusive
its great for what it is. i could think of maybe one or two things i would change, but im only 4 lessons in, so i really can't be sure. so far i love it. im learning swedish, and the format is similar to rosetta stone _the demo that i tried anyways_. very comprehensive, and pleasing to look at. i thought it would be something i would do in my spare time, but i find myself picking it up all the time, and recommending it to friends. it really is a great little app, and for free too. the ads are not intrusive
fantastic _ no ads, no crash, very stable app, comprehensive, very user friendly, minimum ram usage, no interference with private data. very useful if you are new to learning german
this is amazing, i mean it. its true that it could have more languages to learn but for a free app with absolutely no ads this is perfect _
this is actually helping me progress, and the lack of ads is making it a very pleasant experience. i would buy this app if it wasn't free.
this is a great app for learning some basic italian. i don't know if it's perfect, since i don't know italian, but it at least gets main ideas and concepts and teaches full sentences and phrases instead of just a few words like some apps. you can also set daily email and notifications to remind you to study which is nice. for a free app, it's beyond amazing and better than some _4_ language apps i've encountered. more importantly, there's no annoying ads. huge bonus.
this app works great.  love how the learning process is laid out, smoothly moving me from the basics. i now appreciate my time learning spanish.  what at one time was boring and monotonous is now fun and stimulating. i'm also glad there are no pesky ads interupting the app.  most cherished app on my phone.
this is amazing that something truly free and with no advertising is so effective. i have learnt the _very_ basics of another language in just a few weeks. thanks you to its creators
really handy, no ads, reminds you every day and it's broken down into quick sessions so it's easy to keep up with it. it relies on typing a bit too much for my liking _instead of voice recognition or tapping the words_ but highly recommended in conjunction with other means.
i know some people are harping on this app because it only has several language choices, but it's still an excellent app. personally, i would like to learn hebrew with it, but the app is free, there are no advertisements, and it makes language learning fun. what more could you ask for_
duolingo has been great so far, it's very easy to get into a habit of practicing a little bit each day. people complain about the language choice but come on, it's a free app. for what it offers it's great and, impressively, no ads in the way_ great app.
this app is very effective in teaching vocabulary. i use it for spanish and i find it a very fun and quick way to practice on the move. i highly recommend this to all beginners and intermediates. ive had this app for 3 years and i'm am still shocked that it is still free. no ads no nothing. gracias duolingo
though limited in language choices, this app is essentially a free rosetta stone. no ads, and the program works well_
it is so easy to use and remember lessons. plus it's free. why is this not advertising on tv_
great app, no ads and totally free _so far at least_. generally the translations seem spot on, and it's a great way of learning in small chunks. can set alerts to remind you to practice which is very useful.
the best thing about this app is that it is ads free. i love the fact that duolingo tests you all the way through your courses using everything that you learnt in the previous lessons so you dont forget any of them. i just hope that it wouldnt count the speaker's language mistake as a mistake because it is always a typing mistake. thank you for the amazing app_
i love this free app it makes me want to learn more every day and go further unlocking each module to get to the next, and no annoying ads makes it the perfect way to learn new languages thank you duolingo keep up the good work.
no problem with the ads and i am so glad that i am a 10 year old that can speak spanish
it's exactly as advertised. simple and very educational.  it's the best.
this app made learning german extremely easy, and what's more it's absolutely free _ doesn't even have ads. it has loads of different teaching methods to suit everyone, and the teachings are simple, easy to follow, and effective. 10_10 can't recommend enough
with no negatives to this app, meaning it's free and uncluttered of ads, this app is a no brainer. not only does it teach an english speaker a plethora of languages for free, it also has other languages _such as spanish_ as primary teachers for english, french, etc. there is no longer any excuse to stop you from learning a new language.
it's so much fun and so addictive_ not to mention it's 100_ free_ they also did not lie when they said no ads too becoz there isn't not one_ i find myself wanting to learn french all of the time from this app. i like the teaching style of this app and all.
i bought the super expensive rosetta stone and it's a good learning tool but i have found duolingo easier and way more convenient.  i honestly don't know how you can be so critical of an app that doesn't inundate you with ads, but is free and most importantly works.  i'm sure if i dug deep i could find things they could improve upon but if you are looking to learn a language i can't think of a better way to learn than duolingo.  it seems like an almost impossible thing to program but they have figured out
the set up is effective, simple, and fast. spend 10 minutes to literally all day learning words. best part, it's free and there are no ads.  thanks duolingo_
i personally like the no ads feature. i hope they keep it that way.
no ads. no pop_up. easy to learn. cute character. this is the best app ive ever seen_
how anyone can give it less than 5 stars is beyond me. i've had it for about 4 days and the one ad i've gotten was just now to rate. it's easy and fun, and is just awesome. i'd give it 10 stars if i could_
any time you can make knowledge fun, you have a winner. then add in the fact that it's 100_ free without ads, then you have what the core of humanity is_ the passing of priceless information for the mutual survival of us all. true community. thank you_
duolingo is by far the best app out there for learning popular languages and it's absolutely free without any annoying advertisements. there are some issues regarding some of the translations_ mostly when a sentence is ambiguous and both translations are correct, but the app only sees one as correct. however, these are difficulties that one faces whilst writing tests or exams at university while learning languages as well, and therefore should not distract from the overall amazing app.
free of charge and no ads. it gives anyone access to education. it is fantastic for those who want to learn different languages. there's one problem though. the pronunciation isn't well implemented yet
ad free, quite a few languages to choose from
it is very very very useful_ now i can talk to my new friend from madrid so thank you so much_ great app no ads. just install it_ now_ i can speak, talk, understand spanish. i love you creator_ you cannot go to school and enroll. nice nice
a must have for every smartphone user. the only app i cannot do without_ the best way to learn a language. easy and entertaining. completely free without boring ads. well done the duolingo team_
an amazing app for learning a new language,  totally free, no adverts, nothing. i guess some of the official tests will cost but to be honest thats not a problem, if you genuinely want to learn a language then this app is for you_ cant recommend enough.
parceled, semi_gamified language lessons. thanks to dl's innovative business model, it's also completely free. that's right, no in_app purchases whatsoever. not even ads. the interface is polished and clean, to boot. i recommend wholeheartedly.
i like this app. i'm trilingual and have three courses going with danish and french which i already know, and spanish which i'd like to learn to use better. easy to setup and getting started. languages are well pronounced by the program voices. it remains to be seen if this is a good way to make language learning stick, but it's been fun thus far. did i mention it's free with no ads..._ nicely done_
great app with no ads... fantastic _ easy way to learn a new language
i've been using duolingo since 2012, and still amazed how it is able to provide all the features for free without ever showing an ad. it was pretty useful for improving my sentence construction and spelling skills. thanks a lot duolingo team_
able to break down each word....5 star surely, fact is no ads, no one bothers you_.. i think people don't realise this when is not there,  but complain when those buggers are there.... so 4.5.
it is a free decent quality app with no ads. don't forget about this_ very addictive, especially with this new approach to exercises, when you don't fail whole thing.
its a downgrade full of ads had to go to previous version to use it without being bombarded with ads
new version looks like crap interfaces extremely confusing to navigate. every action you visit an ad is served for something unrelated to ebay or the items in question. at times ads will automatically load web pages kicking you out of the app. better off not using it in visiting the website
canada never ship in saipan. its better not to advertice in saipan if canada is seller only waisting time for checking canada seller
the new update was a terrible downgrade to the point of being unusable for me. i do not receive the old notifications that an item sold or i have a new message on my android s5 notification menu. i cannot view any info on the purchase of my items in the app_ once i happen to see that an item sold on my own, then i click the notification and it takes me to my listing...not the screen where i message buyer, print postage, etc. simply straight to my ad with no options on sold item.
1st stubhub _ now this crap app. we pay to use ebay and still get bombarded with ads. why are there no alternatives to ebay yet_
now very rarely use it. unfriendly interface, slow and filled with too much advertising. displays wrong prices in the watch list.
this app used to be great for finding that hard to find item while mobile, and it still is, but now..  it now comes with ads. why_ it's an app to buy stuff, so why do i need to have ads stuffed down my throat_ and for stuff that has nothing to do with ebay, no less. i just got an ad for a car dealer.  its just bad business if you ask me..
was great. now full of ads, bugs me to add secret questions to weaken the security of my account every few weeks, slow and bloated. would rather use the website... edit_ ads got even worse_
why are there advertisements within the app_ further monetizing a service that already generates revenue is absolutely weak. this apps layout and use of ads have made me reconsider using ebay at all.
why are there advertisements within the app_ further monetizing a service that already generates revenue is absolutely weak. this apps layout and use of ads have made me reconsider using ebay at all.
this is the slowest app on my phone now. takes around 1 million years to load an advertisement.
latest update is shocking. crashes every time and doesn't load adverts.
used to be better but it works well enough. easy to list items. please remove ads, the fees are high enough already.
now very rarely use it. unfriendly interface, slow and filled with too much advertising. displays wrong prices in the watch list. utter crap. please give us the older version back.
ebay earns money on clipping sales. it does not need to degrade itself with ads. errors on veiwing cart. can not checkout a single seller. limit exceeded on cart checkout. completely useless. uninstalled.
it's improving at last, but the ads are incessant and annoying.
simplified means you won't have access to your buying, selling, or watching. you will get featured products _ services, and ads forced on you. can't access any info like my ebay, tracking, selling, buying, watching, ect. it's either not there or takes a dozen clicks. so many issues.
i can see advertising the site itself or types of item.   but the exact ones i viewed is over the top.  please in the future do not act in this manner it is disgusting.  the way the ebay app itself functions is great.   i am just sad to see the advertising go so far off the reservation.
it is so difficult to use, number of new items not listed, watch list inaccessible. it's predominantly advertising_ i've actually stopped buying because the interface is so frustrating to use. hoping for the old app back_
i was using this app more and more because each release improved the look and feel. however updates in sept 2015 upset the app and made it slow. also i hate the adverts which spoil the app,  surely ebay make enough from commision.
ebay is jumping the shark. once excellent now ppi ads taking up space_  looking like a badly written clone of a 70's shopping catalogue.
no change 2 17 16 biggest piece of s_ anybody ever developed i have called and told you morons, that you can't put your phone in the landscape mode when you first came up with this new piece of crap and now you're updating it again and it still is not there you people are nuts.go back to the way it was 2_3 years ago you might have a decent website and now you're putting ads in it besides. i can only see this going from bad to worse because you guys are morons... if i could rate you it would be a _10 stars
change it back.. these ads are retarded. why are you sending my customers to other websites. you guys have brain damage...
i was using this app more and more because each release improved the look and feel. however initially updates since sept 2015 upset the app and made it slow. also i hate the adverts which spoil the app,  surely ebay make enough from commision. get a grip ebay the amazon app  is faster and slicker with no adverts.
this is appalling. a good app gone bad. this version is so focussed on adverts that due to the adverts jamming the app,  i cannot see the products as the page takes forever to load_ display. please sort it out_ i'd rather you roll back the app than label this sham as a production ready release.
the 9_10_15 update is a complete bust as far as i'm concerned. very disappointing.  2_16_16 update. well, they've done it again_ made it even slower and less useful for buyers. but at least there are a lot more ads and pretty pictures of things i have no interest in buying. notifications are sporadic and there is now little control available to the user. thanks ebay, i love doing it _your way_ and swallowing all the incessant push marketing. uninstalled again...
buy another hasn't been working for some time now. the latest upgrade has taken focus from where you left off in preference for a less useful overview_ removal of watch items annoyingly requires edit mode, and adverts have sprung up everywhere, ignoring my google opt out settings completely, sorry, but was five now down to 3 stars, any lower and i'll return to the browser interface.
must refine to flip to ended items under watching.more advertising for other crap and apps.
the ebay app collects data from your personal photo gallery and text messages among other personal data on your phone to customize advertising to you. it also shares this information with its affiliate partners. unless you explicitly opt out, you are automatically opted in. wtf ebay_
new ebay app is just an advert for stuff you are not even interested in. shame on ebay. even worse now, you can't unwatch finished sales. feck_
ebay what have you done_ you ruined this app it's much slower now_ and the adverts_ it makes loading painfully slow sometimes i have to quit the application just to get the item up_ not to mention the fact i went quickly to bid on a item and the advert caused me to miss the sale_
this app is a watered down pos. the interface is so basic its unusable. i don't know what the developers were told to do but this is the work of a high school computer class, not a corporation. it's so dumb a potato would be better for browsing the site. i want an app that improves on the full web experience, not just an ad platform.
this has two many ads literally every 10 seconds evan if i don't touch the screen not impressed i loved this app till i updated it
i loved it..but..now..some errors are occuring...when opening an ad,it doesn't opening..its loading only..
still miss the old app. the reminders were the best part of the app. which they stupidly took away,  but there is more advertising for items i'd never buy. so that's something. ............
getting a lot of ads
absolute crap. even worse than the last version and that was worse than the version before.  full of annoying adverts. not simple to use. very poor set up. im from uk and it wont allow uk only searches any more, only world wide which i do not want. im loathed to even give this a 1 star rating_
do not update. repeat do nor update_ this is a real mess, less intuitive less functional and produces incorrect prices on many items in my watch list.  random prices just appear. very confusing. no feedback button no way of reporting scam ads of which there are hundreds, no car ads accepted no picture updates load, it goes on and on. for a company that makes billions the whole ebay ecosystems are woeful. i have sold close to _50,000 of items on ebay this app is a disgrace and an insult to their customers
hate the fact that the app now has ads for non_ebay items.
half the app is ads. but it functions.
love ebay, hate this app_ can't see what you're selling most of the time _it drops in and out_, and is full of advertisements for things they think you may want to buy_ detest it....
nah. start page should be configurable _e.g. watching_ , not a landing page to sell useless crap. was good once upon a time. affirmative action in motion. stop advertising crap, consider the end user.
congratulation to the student who made this app for free, but from ebay i except a bit more. have you heard about landscape mode._ is it for mobile device_ i hate the new layout. full of ads. limited funcionality which does not even work. i need to open desktop browser every time i want full information about a product e.g. the location if it is collection only _country is not enough_. has actually any developer used it_ it is real shame to ebay. i would rate it it much less than 1_ if it was possible.
app shows my adverts as having no pics so i don't know if people can see the pics or not so hence i won't know if anyone will bid. please please please please just make an app and leave it alone. every time they change it it messes up in some other way
beware_ it's unbelievable it's wall to wall ads_ the whole new version is disruptive and much more difficult to use and the amount of ads is a travesty, ebay should pay us for the add usage_ stay away from this update_
firstly, this app is a mess, you might find what you need but it is not overly useful. i only use this app to check if i am not near a computer or can't be bothered to log on. secondly, they have ads on this app, if ebay wasn't greedy enough already this would be fine but seeming as they are just money hungry i find it disgusting. charge people to sell their items then use their stores to advertise other products that obviously pay an ad fee...
firstly, this app is a mess, you might find what you need but it is not overly useful. i only use this app to check if i am not near a computer or can't be bothered to log on. secondly, they have ads on this app, if ebay wasn't greedy enough already this would be fine but seeming as they are just money hungry i find it disgusting. charge people to sell their items then use their stores to advertise other products that obviously pay an ad fee...
why have they updated this app the last app was better it's all over the place and full of adverts now it's rubbish.
after update _which i dont like the new look btw_ no matter how big size of pictures i upload keep saying the buyers love good quality pictures so i need to upload at least 500 pixels on longer side photo which i have done but still does not let me post advert.
why have they updated this app the last app was better it's all over the place and full of adverts.
have you heard about landscape mode._ is it for mobile device_ i hate the new layout. full of ads. limited funcionality. i need to open desktop browser every time i want full information about a product e.g. the location if it is collection only _country is not enough_. has actually any developer used it_ it is real shame to ebay. i would rate it it much less than 1_ if it was possible.
old app was better in every way. it won't even rotate into landscape. ha, clowns. i even use the desktop version to leave feedback now, because it's quicker, less clunky, and has fewer adverts_ clowns, again_
when going to any auction, an ad takes over 60 percent of the screen. nope, i'll stick with my ads removing browser
do you charge sellers enough. now you have pop up ads for aps on your app. ebay you suck so so so bad
was great. now full of ads, bugs me to add secret questions to weaken the security of my account every few weeks, slow and bloated. would rather use the website...
wonderful items..returning not so easy as advertised. a real challenge
now requires a deep dive to get to my saved searches _which are broken_.  also, get the ads off this app, don't you guys make enough money_
update is horrible, the advert never fully loads, what's the point_
soon as the first buyer decided not to return or pay, they caved.  not only that, but decided to charge the transaction fee they didn't collect on, plus charge back fees _twice_.  they owe me, the dead beats.  we'll be better not doing business with, don't even use them, they're the weak link.  better to buy a _10 ad somewhere instead.
i don't shop on ebay so i can see advertising from giant online retailers for jewelry and cell phones. i shop for  predetermined items from people who are just like me. this is getting ridiculous
ads now poping within the app. ridiculous.
new interface is too simplified that it became unintuitive, graphical elements take up too much screen area for no good reason _probably just to make it look pretty but it really isn't_ and missing useful features _custom watch lists_.  and i can't believe ebay has to resort to putting ads in their app_
free advertising is a great incentive.
old version was better. loaded with ads and ads and ads. horrible ui. ugly. slow. not user friendly. many features not working that worked fine in the old version. poor search filters. ebay ignores negative feedback from thousands of users and don't care what we want.
looks like ebay has fallen on hard times if they have resorted to putting in generic ads within the app. most of them are for scam apps
over 4 months now and still no better_ they must have realised by now that they've f_d up_ i really hope the penny is finally dropping_ as i've noticed they are now having to advertise this god awful app on tv and radio to try and drum up business_ when that fails hopefully they'll finally admit there mistake and go back to older much better, easy to use and navigate app_ please ebay admit your mistake we will forgive you and the customer will come back_
now very rarely use it. unfriendly interface, slow and filled with too much advertising. used the previous version much more. i've saved money, you've lost money. i don't suppose that actually matters to ebay though after all we're just customers. will be uninstalling now. goodbye.
now instead of performance improvements, we have a slower app with ads. utter rubbish.
need complete account history and access from app...60 day activities report isn't always enough information...love how fast it post ads.
why change when it was a good app.now you got to press alot more buttons to get where you want to go.  refinements in followed searches don't save just keep going back to default settings.  worst app upgrade ever. absolute frigging crap. if i wanted to look at all available stuff in saved searches i would change settings.  now you have no control even if you lock the settings just defaults back to ebay settings. it is just about advertising now what i want to know is how they come up with the 5 star rating
why change when it was a good app.now you got to press alot more buttons to get where you want to go.  refinements in followed searches don't save just keep going back to default settings.  worst app upgrade ever. absolute frigging crap. if i wanted to look at all available stuff in saved searches i would change settings.  now you have no control even if you lock the settings just defaults back to ebay settings. it is just about advertising now
this app is no longer easy to use and now set up for advertising other products instead of it being about buying and selling.
this is really not a good app to use for ebay. can't look at all purchase hostory. my ad block blocks the main page. the mobile browser version is a whole lot better or even just getting on the computer desktop and buying from there.
ad disturbing search
this application used to be halfway decent, things were easy to find and advertisements were not everywhere. now instead of my watchlist being the first thing i see, it sends me to the shopping page where i'm shown ads for things i don't even care about. even worse, my saved searches have advertisements at the bottom and it's easy to accidentally scroll into ads. some of my searches have weird spellings, and when i click them it automatically corrects my search term and i have to tell it not to.  terrible.
this application used to be halfway decent, things were easy to find and advertisements were not everywhere. now instead of my watchlist being the first thing i see, it sends me to the shopping page where i'm shown ads for things i don't even care about. even worse, my saved searches have advertisements at the bottom and it's easy to accidentally scroll into ads. some of my searches have weird spellings, and when i click them it automatically corrects my search term and i have to tell it not to.  terrible.
ebay truly sucks now_ it's not enough that they make money off of every listing now they drop ads in the listings_ what crap_
now full of unwanted ads
what a waste of development resources. no wonder you charge stupid fees these days, its to pay for your stupid development ideas_ don't add items that i may be interested in_ if i want something, i'll look for it. we pay more than enough in fees for you to not need to squeeze sly advertising in. new layout sucks, not a nice or easy as previous. also, what the hell is with not being able to use landscape mode_ if i want to see a picture bigger before, i'd use landscape mode. now i can't. why the hell would you take that option away_ its one of the basics that every decent app has. put it this way, gumtree don't have an issue with landscape mode and they extort anywhere near what you do out of customers
rubbish app, totally ruined it, full of bloatware and adverts, runs very slow and sticks a lot, cant find anything, i suppose ebay are like other developers who don't listen to there users, they will keep developing this rubbish. i have switched to amazon.
last update made it even worse. it's still very limited app compared to pc version but with the latest _upgrade_  of design,  app is even worse to find anything. less stars for annoying ads
notifications don't work, slow to update after item sells. i had items relisted and didn't have relisted box checked which caused me to have a duplicate listing. thankfully i caught it_ auctions are too slow, bids are not in real time. the ads are super annoying. the whole app just stinks. the old version was much better_
what a shame that this version has ads. very annoying
was two stars. now you've released an updated version with so much advertising, it's a pain to use. one star. i miss the older versions that were all about finding what you need quickly and making a purchase without all the ads. what next_ a premium membership subscription required for bidding_
was two stars. now you've released an updated version with so much advertising, it's a pain to use. one star. i miss the older versions that were all about finding what you need quickly and making a purchase without all the ads. what next_ a premium membership subscription required for bidding_
as of 1st january 2016 this app runs slower than ever before.  notifications don't load and page just locks up.  way too invasive and too much pushing advertising. lg g3 on android 5.0. now worst ever and everything taking ages to load. almost unusable as is and even slow on desktop . stopping using this and going back to desktop version only.
i couldnot understand how to upload an ad for selling an item. can anyone help me_
love the app but can't find the purchase history of older items ad the one before.
cannot scroll to the right when viewing ad description. it is cut off and cannot zoon out far enough to see.  this issue needs to be fixed
latest version has way too many ads in it _for payday loans_
i should have read some of the other reviews before down loading.  now all my searches show more advertisers than search results. sad it was a great app before the upgrade. _update, they have now reached the height of stupidity, when you check sellers other items and you want to search a specific item or word you search all of ebay, nice going.
if an ad is texted to me it won't open in the app, it just takes my to the app store and opens the ebay tab. please fix_
i hate the new layout. full of ads. limited funcionality. i need to open desktop browser every time i want full information about a product e.g. the location if it is collection only _country is not enough_. has actually any developer used it_ it is real shame to ebay. i would rate it it much less than 1_ if it was possible.
the followed sellers page does not download the full invitory or merchandise. i can only shop 20 things then scrolling down see a page transfering to negtag ad.
too many dumb ads everywhere and you can't even view horizontal description to see what the hell the seller is even trying to say_
tried a lot of apps the ads suck other then that real good so far
rubbish app, totally ruined it, full of bloatware and adverts, runs very slow and sticks a lot, i suppose ebay are like other developers who don't listen to there users, they will keep developing this rubbish.
can't checkout. poor to navigate in general. the only thing that seems to work is a whole heap of adverts that make purchasing extremely difficult. no wonder i'm being nagged to try gumtree instead.
could you allow us to browse advertisements in the 'books' category without having to pick what kind of book_ i mean, you know, 'all in books' or something like that. thank you_
prices have gone up, the app is all about advertising now. the adverts are cleverly made to look like listings too so very easy to click on and get taken off to a sponsored link site now.  the new app layout is just for making money from flashing up adverts, ive just counted seven on one page. your taking the pee ebay_ _
won't let me advertise cars off the app pls sort
old app was much nicer...this one is purely advertising_
latest version is too much vertical scrolling. ultimately the left menu bar is the front page shoved to one side by irrelevant advertising. at least this version appears bug free.
i have not seen that any company go to such a cheap level by giving fake advertisement for their promotion. ebay doesnot give any product such as pendrive_ 79 etc. it will create only frustuation. its fraud company. dont buy anything. better to purchase from flipkart, amazon,snapdeal.
the loading time of every single ad is exactly 3 years... so slow
its has too ad neteller thats y three star
i have blocked your updates since you decided your wishes when it comes to ads and what is good for ebay users are more important to you than your ebay members, pull your head in, i share the same as every other user of this app, change it back. i won't update til you do.
adverts deeply annoying. please remove them... they are using up my data. also keeps repeating alerts even after they have been cleared.
i am a 10 year_ 100_ feedback rated ebayer. ebay hang your head in shame for the terrible update.  absolute cr_p update_ you compromised the ease of use for ebayers in order to push advertising onto us and now also advertise more.  it used to be such a good app. useless since the last update_  why change a good thing _ for the first time ever i think i might switch to other internet buy and sell sites.  just ridiculous and wished i had never updated_
didn't like such app with so much ads
adverts deeply annoying. please remove them... they are using up my data.
biggest piece of s_ anybody ever developed i have called and told you morons, that you can't put your phone in the landscape mode when you first came up with this new piece of crap and now you're updating it again and it still is not there you people are nuts.... go back to the way it was 2_3 years ago you might have a decent website and now you're putting ads in it besides. i can only see this going from bad to worse because you guys are morons... if i could rate you it would be a _10 stars.
horrible horrible horrible. all about advertising crap you don't want and nothing about customer friendly info
not easy to navigate and set up for more advertisement
i have been shopping from ebay for 15 years now _ love the app. it would be vary cool if i could choose where i can buy from. i live in canada and i would like it if i had an option to pick ad listings from us only or other countries. also to narrow down products, i would like to be able to control the shipping cost eg. _10 and under. both of thoes would be great_ lol
new update is awful. it hard to follow the new layout. nothing user friendly, or convenient. they made it for advertisements i guess.
can not scroll down advert to see entire page. pretty awful. please fix.
i updated thinking it would ad a feature not take away features and make searching harder, i've had this app for years but will be uninstalling and using website just horrible
the updated version isn't as good, writing missing, defaults to adverts, doesn't flow like before. disappointing,  go back ebay, go back...
this update has to be hurting sales. i know i have been buying way less just because the app is off putting. just looking at it is annoying. i used to be on it everyday shopping around. now i only get on when i have to. it used to be _my_ ebay when i signed on, now it's just advertisements for crap i don't care about. stop trying to sell me crap and make it more enjoyable for me to find what i really want. the new look has totally destroyed all functionality.
awful update. looks over substance once again. very poor show ebay. 5_12_15 update _ i've uninstalled this horrible update and reinstalled an older one. twice. it auto updates_ version 4.0 sucks_ no descriptions on adverts, impossible to find feedback form, very slow to load_ rubbish_
can't find _ it anymore_ where's the f_king end date on buy it now listings_ what's with the useless _activity_ tab_ why not _mail_  and wtf's with the _sponsored links_ non_ebay ads competing with us sellers_
removed the settings control_ can no longer set how you want your searches listed or location to search. all lists are shown with what ebay thinks is best and is basically a way to get you to buy what they want sold. can not limit the list to just one country or continent so you get all the overseas junk listed. when you try to read a description and bunch of ads pop up in the way
still p_ss poor ebay. can't even see the entire advert. slow. buggy. desktop version is fine though.
i was using this app more and more because each release improved the look and feel. however  updates since sept 2015 upset the app and make it slow. also i hate the adverts which spoil the app,  surely ebay make enough from commision. get a grip ebay the amazon app  is faster and slicker with no adverts.
pictures don't upload. called ebay about it and the lady made the excuse that their app has so many issues cuz its a free app. i laughed at her and reminded her that the app has advertisements and we pay to sell stuff on it. shelling out the money to hire someone to update and maintain the app is nothing to a publically traded company. maybe i will contact some of these ppl who advertise with ebay and let them know what an ebay rep had to say about it and see how they feel about it.
it's not made to he useful. instead it's made to show me as many ads as possible. all the basic info needs to be searched for unfortunately no alternative
as below, can't find anything, and worse of all_ adverts_ get rid ebay_
recent updates have made it worse_ it often locks up.  ebay, whatever you are doing... please stop_  and new format if terrible.  if you don't have adhd _ you do now...overload  i miss the simplified version. used to check ebay daily, but now its mostly for just a moment and the bombardment of random ads chase me away...  and i refuse to tackle the selling process with soooo many people no longer using ebay because of this chaotic mess_  zero stars.
do not like this new format. recent updates have made it worse. it often locks up. if you don't have adhd _ now you do...overload  i miss the simplified version. used to check ebay daily, but now its mostly for just a moment or two and the bombardment of random ads chase me away...  and i refuse to tackle the selling process with soooo many people no longer using ebay because of this chaotic mess_  zero stars.
there are so many things wrong with this new update it's impossible to list them all. here are a few of my most hated.   can't stay  logged in _yes box checked_ _ pop up ads interrupt it, extra steps in refining search, having to deal with waiting for new pages to load,   dealing with constant pop up ads often every time i view a product and return to search,  have to resign in if the phone tilts to another way.  was once my first search for a product _ now  seldom use it. please put it back the way it was
images in ads not loading , images in ads are loading
worst app update ever_ not only is it slow and freezes up but now i have pop up candy crush type ads to contend with_ cmon ebay_
hopeless, it's as of somebody threw this app together in an afternoon, with no thought to user interface. i've read the reviews so i know i'm not the only one who thinks it should have stayed how it was. trying to write an advert is a real task, surely the idea is to make it easy to sell stuff_ fix it please.
even with the tracking number posted, you cannot actual track the package, nor can you copy and paste the number. also was extremely disappointed to find ads in the mobile app. in general it just lacks all sorts of functionality, and i have to open a browser on the phone to open the website.
the new version is a totally fur coat no knickers..on so many occasions i have missed auctions as i can't access my watching buying lists...that  spinning blue wheel....the dick turpin of apps always hanging....but yet i can get all the ebay featured ads ok...priority in the wrong place there... and nope it's not my connection  as every other net enabled app works fine during the churning blue wheel of dissatisfaction..the last app had real performance this app is just flat out terrible_
get annoying ads which suggests i cant get credit, quite illegal and libellous methinks and latest  update is shite
this is a truly terrible update. there are so many bugs. i can't delete drafts of items, add multiple pictures to a listing and now can't even access ebay servers. does a great job of showing me ads, though.
this new format of the ebay app for android is horrible. it has more advertising than it has functionality. ebay just needs to focus on what its users need. none of my watch list or following list notify me in a timely fashion. to add to that, every notification i get is duplicated with the last 'following' list notification. pull your head out of ebay. stick to the basics_
this new app sucks. can't find my ebay section. all its good for is advertising other people's stuff i'm not interested in.
used to be a good app but now every time i open it it goes to there advertising page. i want it to go to my watch list not what they want me to see.
the app is slow and is full of ads. it's difficult to clear notifications, and they don't appear always. sometimes not until after the auction has ended. no easy way to clear old auctions or bidding items. you have to drill down the list to get the edit button to clear. now random watch items are appearing in my watch list.    i've also just been hit by the global shipping option. they open the mail and repack_
it is really frustating when you are unable to buy multiple product. there is no option for ad to cart or basket option... really frustating.. do changes in ur app
items dissapear then reappear on my selling list and just realised using capital letters will not let people view ad unless they also type in capital.
had to get old app after factory reset. new  app is slow when looking things up. the screen is filled with items _ads_ i don't even look up. you make money on listings and when that item sales, now we have to deal with the ads.
i used to love the ebay mobile app. i used it daily. the last couple of months since they completely changed the format, i have quit using it. it's annoying ads constantly get in the way suggesting items that i have already purchased instead of items i search for. i can no longer track a package from the app., or at least i haven't been able to find out how since they have made everything so complicated.
new _update_ is a piece of junk_ can't find similar items, it's too slow _  difficult to use_ why _fix_ something that worked beautifully_ old version had 5 _'s new version gets 1 _ 11_20_15 _ i just get used to the last update _ you update again_ the entire app is too white everywhere, no color defining anything. too slow no  similar items, _ reminders are gone, too many paid advertisements eating my data. if i wanted to shop at another site i would be on their website not ebay_
absolutely awful. too much going on and is a big advert for stuff you don't want. can't see p_p until you click on the item. most annoyingly it will not tilt. it was better the way it was. keep away.
the latest update is a counter intuitive piece of crap. using massive font to fill a small screen and hiding the useful data from the user. it seems to be more focused on advertising than the customer. it has also revived old deleted searches and deleted current searches. the people that designed and approved the release of this appalling update are in the wrong jobs.
it was a great app that i used all the time.  absolutley useless now, full of bugs and glitches.  version 3 was much better and much more usable.  why was this update even released_ i hope ebay see a mass drop in profits due to people giving up with v4. mind you they're probably making up lost profits with the introduction of these massive ads that are popping up everywhere.  this app just frustrates the hell out of me now
used ebay app for years, this new update is just  crap, hard to navigate, and in my opinion is just a fancy advert.  looking to roll back to old version, until then will be using website on tablet not the app..
really don't like the ads popping up in this app. last version searching and refinement access was much better. now you can't click an autocompleted word in the serch bar, must press 'go'
the previous version was almost perfect. this new update is awful. its clearly designed to advertise more product and not designed to be user friendly. also you cant search a sellers store with a keyword anymore, even though it says you can in the search bar.
changed the reward system whucb makes it useless now. also if you are a seller there's a lot of fake buyers. off to repost my ad again....
went from great to bad_ new interface is based around advertisements. features you need for selling like offer options and sellers account functions are no longer available. the basic tabs you need like selling, buying are now hidden in sub menus. this went from being an awesome app to completely useless_
now i can't see the status of items i'm selling, i only get adverts on how to sell items ... again, this app has been redesigned several times for the sole purpose of making ebay money and not to facilitat we the user_ this is a cell phone, i don't have room for superfluous bs on the display.  revert back to earlier version ...
some sellers are a bit dodgey _ some advertising descriptions_photos's are _not_ accurate _
non existant customer service, they do not care about their customers. i would rather have the half assed service at amazon than have to deal with the services of ebay. i am getting notifications a day after the item has ended meaning even if i looked the second it told me it would of ended hours before. ebay used to be a respectable service, now it is just a money hungry, advertisement pushing, con artist company who have no regard for their customers. shop else where until they until full service back.
most expensive online shopping site, to add to a customers worry u guys starting pushing ads. hats off to your developer team to make this app a complete mess.
app missing essential functionality available through website. removed ability to view parent categories in last update. advertising everywhere. to spend money here is to reward failure.
thank you ebay, i am now saving so much money as i have deleted this app which has regressed to becoming totally useless and now loaded with adverts for other companies. ebay, are you so broke now after this app that you need advertising revenue_
the best is the old one take this junk out. stop going out side to smoke get back to your office listen to what people tell you i might do the same amazon i use this app on my cell but can't it's awfully done it's a wast of space now why touch something that was a 4 plus rating 4 star now you at zero star zero rating fix it. just got another update its still junk i'm not updating that. how hard is to bring back the old one. it always worked fine this new one is full of ads hard to work with. no stars 4 u
first time, loved it , then kept saying wont log in try again , i hve missed out on a few items as it sudenly came up as _ sorry missed out _ i was the highest bidder then went to pay , ironicly was logged out , av done as it asked and uninstalled nd re_instaled it , second time lucky fingers crossed , as tbh when i used it with not many complications i loved it , and hve recived some brilliant bargains , i even got gr8 reviews , like i said when working a dream ad give _
can' t log in since the change...please can we have the old page back...my ads are running and i can' t access them..._
when are you going to change this app_ it's been unusable since the major update. watched lists are a thing if the past ... impossible to manage. sellers must have lost so many sales. stupid advertised goods never looked at because_ who needs random stuff pushed in their face_ speed the app up, let the users decide what they want and don't try to force what you want them to see.
what have you done ebay_ this new version is dire_ sometimes works, sometimes doesn't, full of spam, full of ads for crap i don't want to buy.
new version is massively inferior to the old. the have completely spoilt it. i don't know what they were thinking.... oh wait i do. ads ads ads. crammed into every orifice.
all tasks take extra steps to get to ..so much useless information and advertising.  driving me crazy . fix it please .
what the hell did you guys do to the app_ as a seller, we no longer have access to view or follow up on recent feedback, are unable to successfully access or update statuses of sold items and with all the bulls_t widgets and advertising crap, we are now unable to navigate to any actual useful areas. _
why change a good app to a bad app_ i don't know either. this new version is blah and not fun to navigate searches or having to get back to your ebay page . it looks like old news paper classified ad's . i've always enjoyed searching ,researching hunting and bidding on ebay. but this version of your app has made me feel disconnected, and losing interest now, in the fun of what ebay is. please go back to the old app structure.
i see you upgraded the app to maximize advertising and confusion.  refresh for followed searches does not work_  the only way to refresh is to force close_reopen the app.  you can't even look at followed searches without refreshing so don't even try. don't you folks test your app before putting it in the store_
no trouble loading ads can't see what you want rubbish app sorry but you got to go uninstalled
the hell do you guys needs ads for_ seriously, this is pathetic.
most of the screen is taken up with adverts and promotions. uninstalled and now use a web browser. awful.
works,  but ads that compete with one's own ebay products, really_ other ads are really intrusive too
ads have made their into ebay. ebay must be in a really bad shape. bad interface, lousy platform. if only i could give negative stars.
even with the tracking number posted, you cannot actual track the package, nor can you copy and paste the number. also was extremely disappointed to find ads in the mobile app.
most expensive online shopping site, to add to a customers worry u guys starting pushing ads. hats off to your developer team to make this app a complete mess.
this new update is terrible, pictures of items don't even look like a picture that someone takes with a camera, hate the layout hate this app ,who decided  to change it like this ,don't update ,you will regret  it ,its even has ads in this app_ why puts adds ,i may delete this,app all together  and just use on my desktop or go into chrome and use it that way terrible app_
i've reverted to the previous version _3.0.0.19_ because the new one is terrible and seems designed purely to make us click on adverts by accident. pretty much unusable.
it's a very good app but it does have its problems, firstly the layout was much better the way it was, sometimes it doesn't show me what i'm selling, it often force closes and crashes, sometimes it's very slow and takes a while to load, sometimes the whole home page disappears, what's also annoying is ebay advertising other companies and what products they are selling, these other companies already have their own designated websites for selling so it is unnecessary. it seriously needs sorting out.
you should go back to your old format it worked, this update was a set back. you now market your selves on people's facebook accounts. i am going to uninstall this app due to poor progress when none was needed lol..   that update was untimely and a waste. if you have any loyalty in your customers you'll stop pirating their facebook accounts for your advertising. this was a rude feature and definitely a deal breaker_ p.s. i was a customer for 6 years.
i hope they didn't pay anyone for this terrible update. _ now unable to even pay for item_ _ _listen to your customers _ yes customers _ the people who 'try' to use ebay._ what a waste of a good app. advertising money grabbers.
just saw an ad for a google play app. dont you get enough money from ridiculous listing prices. also new interface is absolute awful
get annoying ads which suggests i cant get credit, quite illegal and libellous methinks and latest  update is shite
i absolutely loved the last version of the ebay app, and used it all the time. the new layout doesn't make a whole lot of sense, and it buffers sooooo much now during searching, displaying images, and pretty much everywhere in the app. there are no cool material design changes like fab, and no real improvements. it seems like they just changed it for the sake of changing it. unnecessary ebay. and now there are big freaking ads in listings. what the hell ebay_ smh
when i click on a followed search, it doesn't switch to a list of matching ads. it ignores the click and just sits there.  is any quality checking being done on this app_  how can such a basic function be broken_
this app is no longer editor's choice. ebay and my pal separated. why_ a lot of sellers are not being honest with their merchandise. a lot false advertising,cheap material and expensive from all over the world.  ebay needs to cancel their account so people can learn their lesson .
don't like the new format. the focus is all about advertising rather than user experience. when i open the app i want to see 'my ebay' not adverts.
people, do something with this app_ you charge sellers so much so surely you have enough money to pay some skilled it professionals to build a decent application_ i cannot view anything, it takes forever to open an ad and i have a broadband speed internet at home_
do not like this new format. way too busy for an app, difficult to find correct menu for what i need, ads for categories and featured items clog up the interface, saved searches is broken and keeps showing me items i've already looked at. the old app was so simple and intuitive. i use the website on my phone now because this app is so clunky.
i don't look at ebay for ads on game of war or any other paid advertising. i typically close any video or app that shows ads and ebay will not be an exception. way to follow the money and ruin customer service.
i don't look at ebay for ads on game of war or any other paid advertising. i typically close any video or app that shows ads and ebay will not be an exception. way to follow the money and ruin customer service.
i can't open any ads this doing my head in fix it
the new version is all groovy and cool, and rubbish. makes it more difficult to see your information, still no support for motors or classified ads, still plenty of bugs _let's you edit motors listings but then won't save the changes_. look, just make it work folk _ we don't care whether it looks good or not as long as it flipping works_
hating all these _windows_ designs for everything now, they are nothing but confusing. bring back old version. don't want to use this app. its designed only to take you to ebay shop _ ads. only good thing about new version is seems to allow more saved following_  have removed widget as now useless.
it's so bad now,  keeps getting worse.   it won't let me see my items i have listed for sale.   the _selling_ posse just keeps trying to advertise your lame selling services like valet and stuff.   keep it simple ebay,  stop taking up precious screen space with isles things like that.   let me easily keep doing what i have been for the past few years.   just revert back to the previous version before every review was negative.
another update now even more screwed up. can't relist item. how do i uninstall updates. when to display the ebay logo and their partner ads. not so well if you want to find something to buy. not well at all if you wanted to sell something.
suddenly we can't see our active listings_ as a seller, how am i supposed to advertise what i'm selling if i can not access those listings on the app. please fix asap.
i just downloaded the old version and installed that, it works, this new version can't find anything, typing the same keywords into app and the browser get different matches and the app's matches are all sponsored ads not actual things i'm looking for.  i'm sticking with the old app, oh and shopping on amazon too_
no added functionality, slow as hell on a sony xperia z, most of the time i am looking at a blue circle for 3 minutes. or i am just waiting for the app to react, but it is just trolling me. what an utterly crappy app this is_ ebay made this update just to be able to present more ads for the users. i don't find this correct. if the seller is paying 10_ for ebay, then i don't want to see ads. if ebay would be cost free, ads would be ok, since they have to earn some money too.
where have all the buttons gone_ hate this updated version, you can't find anything. takes about 5 clicks now to see what you've sold, not easy to see like it used to be, full of adverts everywhere. i used to use this more than the desktop version, not any more
giving your competitors 1_2 page ads_how horribly distracting.why would you distract customers in the middle of shopping.will you please ad a keep settings button, i am so tired of retyping in my shopping preference settings for buy it now,etc. do you read your own customers  reviews_
each update makes this app worse. it is more difficult and takes longer to do the same things. but hey, now it's filled with useless sponsored ads...
can you create a spam, or junk mail folder for all your promotional messages within the app_ i tend to use my message box to communicate to sellers and buyers. this one thing has always irritated me with advertisements. other apps are not able to bombard my ebay messages box so why is it necessary for ebay promotional items to be delivered to my box_ fix that and we will be square
i have used my smartphone for posting _for sale_ items for years. thanks to your update, now i can not use my smartphone to post items for sale. i waited over 15 mins for it to add pictures, which it won't post ad without, and i finally gave up. i use ebay due to its convenience and ease of use. neither apply now_ guess it's time to explore other options, such as amazon.
advertising, public assistance
the older version was a gem. sweet, simple and to the point. this one only annoys the hell out of you. like how can you leave screen rotation out_ to many ads. i miss the search history on the tab. makes me want to use my browser
i really want the old app back. an upgrade_ don't think so. it's now a pain to navigate, i do not like having to see huge ads on every listing i click on and to make it worse,  less information is provided  in the listing. the older version had buy it now _ auction listings mixed together but now i really have to search for auction items  and i don't want to have to do that. i don't want to use ebay until the old one comes back, if it ever does. etsy, here i come_ much easier_
wanted_ simple navigation, quick load times, landscape view, eu search option.... got_ pointless _personalised_ shopping assistant, lots of ads, spamming my inbox every time i look at something _disrespectful of my privacy_, no landscape view, still too complicated to navigate, still buggy checkout.
what was once a great app is now deteriorating. cannot use the _purchase another one_ feature. ads now popping up even though i opt out. i don't need these, i already pay fees to ebay. more worryingly, if i lost my tablet, all you need to do is tap on a purchase and my name, address and phone number comes up.. beware... and ebay... you need to fix this asap
the new direction ebay are trying move makes no sense. if i want to buy products and see advertising i'll go to any other online shop. i want to sell things i no longer need and buy things other people no longer need for less money... simple as that_ visit apk mirror and download version 3 and disable auto updates. you do not need to root your phone to achieve this.
full of useless adverts and difficult to navigate.  bring back the last version.
total crap, i hate the update like everyone else. the old app was so much easier to navigate, this is dreadful and full of 'fashion' item ad's i have no interest in.
new ebay app is just an advert for stuff you are not even interested in. shame on ebay.
new app is terrible. ads feel like spyware. i've resorted to using my internet app for ebay.
what's gone wrong_ no sooner do i suss out one version another comes out and as normal is worse_ i keep finding things in my basket that i pressed 'watch', certain adverts are too big for my mobile screen and won't allow me to shrink them_
when to display the ebay logo and their partner ads. not so well if you want to find something to buy. not well at all if you wanted to sell something.
do yourself a favor and download the old version _3.0.0.19 android_ from the web and uninstall the new 4.1 piece of garbage. this was the worst update ever, saved searches no longer work and it's nothing but ads. ebay_ read the reviews and fire your mobile developers pronto.
lots of unwanted ads _ simple functions like refining search by proximity seems to no longer work. wish i could rollback.
please make it more like the older version. can't even update my ads from my phone. horrible.
such crap app. only give you ads from people with paid ads. i can't even find something from normal individuals that sell normal things. ebay might as well close shop.
10_24_15 update... the ebay app still really sucks_ the _redesign_, clearly to advertise more stuff, is aweful. it used to be a very good, easy_to_use app, now its a screwed up, over_complicated mess. the notifications dont even work anymore.
there is still main problem, with searching cars in _ buying format. i looking for car and there is no option to choose _ classified ad _. it is make me headache to search what i looking for, i do not want see cars mixed up with _ auction, buy it now and best offer_ so many years gone and still is not being fixed, no really understand what is problem for them to ad extra choose _classified ad_. hope that will be sorted out. thanks
hard to use.  when you want to buy something you will be unable to read the detailed  description of the advert_ _ only good thing is that it give sound notification and you are able to answer your messages.  it's like an old phone
i don't like the new version.  the old version was just fine.  this is too faffy and i don't like the double listing view.  i much preferred the single row listing view.  i want to know whether listings are buy it now or auction etc and its not clear anymore. it seems all over the place and i don't understand why things can't just be left as they are. and why am i now looking at adverts for giff gaff_ ebay take note_ we dont like it_  maybe we should all uninstall and then ebay will get the message.
like everyone else i don't like this update. its hard to navigate with all the clutter,bs advertizing. the last version with a few added settings would be perfect. ebay, read this feedback and take the hint,change it back. it also loads slow and i have great 4g wherever i go,can't imagine what its like for ppl with less. customer support link in app won't load at all...funny
i hate the new update_  i want to go back to my easy app with minimal ads. i'm a  seller so not being able to get into my messages at all is soo frustrating. i have a moto x.please make it all better... _'_  _'_  _'_ _'_
unfortunately, i updated this app and now will never use it again. everything is harder to navigate and advertisements plague a lot of the screen real estate.  what were they thinking_
has adverts in the app and hate the new layout
give us back the old format_ i just want to see my summary not fight through pages of shopping ads every time i open the app_
more like going back in time before the app and just used the mobile version. ease_quickness of navigation is gone. less information is displayed and titles are cut short. makes you click the item to see what it is. very time consuming. and i am sure burning up much more data. too many ads and other bs pushed for people trying to do simple checks and updates. only give it one star because it would not allow to do less. as sellers we are paying you for your services. quit wasting our time with junk ads_
i didn't think it was possible for this app to get any worse, but clearly i was very wrong. app is not even material design, ugly gray_white ui. don't get me started on global ship program and gaypal. greedbay charges its users a fortune yet won't spend a dime to improve the user experience, especially the recent web redesign that removed tons of features. i pay over 1000_ in feebay fees yearly but greedbay still plasters ads everywhere. learn to follow design and ux conventions of the android platform.
used to be easy to get to what you wanted to see, now it is buried. why do i have to look at ads when i pay fees for transactions_ still showing an offer i received long after i accepted it, the buyer didn't pay, opened a case and relisted it. uninstall_reinstall didn't help. this app needs a lot of work and maybe they should consider listening to what users actually think.
don't like the new format.  too many adverts.
not amused. was an excellent app, now ruined. prices not showing correctly, no landscape mode, awful aesthetics, don't know when feedback has been left for you, just generally ruined. also deals panel not so easy to navigate. and absolute worst of all is ads have appeared. credit card ads. what a disgrace. just enticing people into debt. rapidly going down in my estimations ebay. hope you sort it out otherwise its next on my list to uninstall...
advertisements abound, no landscape view, harder to navigate. generally a pain.
advertisements everywhere. harder to navigate than previously. getting awful expensive to sell items. don't use ebay much anymore.
as a buyer _ searches take forever and photos don't load. after the search finally comes up i have to click into each individual advert in the hope that a photo will load. very poor. i'm also getting no notifications of anything i'm watching or bidding on. amazon might be more expensive but it's infinitely more efficient. as a seller _ it takes too long to list anything, won't let me upload more than one photo at a time and more often than not crashes so i end up having to redo the whole listing. not good.
this is just trying to force you into shopping for stuff you don't want it's become an advertising nightmare. ..i just want my home screen back ...in fact if i could i'd roll back.
hate the new app. i used to use it more than website. i can't find anything, it's difficult to navigate, way too many advertisements than my stuff. please change it back.
not as easy to navigate as before. it feels like i have to sift through advertising to get to the important things, like my home page, watching, selling, etc. i liked the old app layout just fine. now i prefer to just use my browser app and turn on classic view.
ebay execs i suggest you go hands on and use this app a few times. scroll past your 40_ screen fill ads and try to read full web page descriptions on mobile devices. you may then invest in a better app _or devs_. until then, browser is better.
i didn't think it was possible for this app to get any worse, but clearly i was very wrong. app is not even material design, ugly gray_white ui. don't get me started on global ship program and gaypal. greedbay charges its users a fortune yet won't spend a dime to improve the user experience, especially the recent web redesign that removed tons of features. i pay over 1000_ in feebay fees yearly but greedbay still plasters ads everywhere. learn to follow design and ux conventions of the android platform.
i have benn using this formally great app for years. the most recent update has rendered it almost useless.  can't open your saved searches, aggressive reminders and ads hidden in the app that cant be turned off _thanks for the 4 a.m. suggestions for  parts for an 90's dodge caravan wtf_. if this is not corrected shortly it will be permanently deleted and amazon will get all of my business.
i remember a time when i was able to navigate the ebay app with ease. this is not the case now, the layout is now counterintuitive, as well as cluttered with sponsored links and advertisements. dear ebay, you're making money on fees so why the hell are you advertising.
the new look brings more ads and a clumsy interface. it wasn't awesome before but it's worse now. maybe when they're done gouging me with seller fees they can bring back the old design that looked less like a digital picture frame and more like the business tool it's supposed to be.
this attempt to _improve and streamline_ was very poorly done.  this version is so horrible ebay would be out of business in a month if this was the only way to access ebay.   all they did was eliminate a good version to produce more room for advertising and promotion of upsale crap i don't care about.     thanks for eliminating drafts in selling and replacing it with a link to have someone else list and sell for me.   i've been doing it since the 90's,  i don't need anyone to do it i just need my drafts.
can be waiting upto 5minutes just to go into a item and view pics. its hurendous. you can spend a hour just trying to view a few items. please fix it. only thing this is good for is alerts but even then itl alert you once and then the auctiins over. apps suppose to be faster then browser and easier. way to time consuming. i love ebay but cant do this much longer. and when you got to sort price low to hi, always bs stuff thats advertised a million times by same guy. and weres the report button_i want a job
i have just deleted this as the app updated automatically and has gone from being a functional and easy to use app, to a failure of an advertising tool, it's poorly laid out, slower to navigate and awful to use. if ebay don't revert back to older styles then they will lose a lot of business though this appalling marketing disaster.
i'll be using the mobile browser version until the ads in the app are reduced to the size and lower annoyance level of the browser. i purchase about one item a month via the app, so i won't be killing ebay's business, but the obtrusive ads are annoying all the same.
why on earth am i seeing adverts_ don't you guys have enough money_
i do not want ads at the end of my following tab. if this is not fixed quickly i plan to uninstall the app from my phone
the app is slow and is full of ads. it's difficult to clear notifications, and they don't appear always. sometimes not until after the auction has ended. no easy way to clear old auctions or bidding items. you have to drill down the list to get the edit button to clear.
description freezes and payment selection freezes.  defaults not selectable but ads always seem to work fine though.  very frustrating.
for some reason, i'm not able to sell a car using this app. i took the pictures with my phone for a reason. now. i have to hassle with loading my pics in my pc, and then posting the ad. not convenient at all.
unusable. bells and whistles, distracting advertising _ where did everything go_ deleted and reinstalled previous version, remembering to switch off auto update in the playstore.
needs to fix the leave feedback. when the seller leaves feedback it shouldn't ask if the item was delivered. that should be a question for the buyer. not the seller.                                                             what would be cool for a future update would be to add in an _excluded countries_ feature to the shipping part of making ads. just like how it is on the computer. so if you post something on the go you don't  get countries that you won't ship to bidding on your items.
i can't stand this new app. the layout sucks. nothing but ebay advertising everywhere. impossible to see my stuff. it's all about ebay all the time. start thinking about your users.
ads in the app_ your fees are ridiculously high enough, why ruin the experience_
you cant see your ebay bucks anymore. has more ads. has annoying sponser links. watch list no longer has filter to hide items that ended. everything sucks. i hate it. im switching over to amazon_
ebay seem determined to lose mobile users. worst app ever. over complicated and full of ads. amazon here i come. bye bye ebay.
hating all these _windows_ designs for everything now, they are nothing but confusing. bring back old version. don't want to use this app. its designed only to take you to ebay shop _ ads. only good thing about new version is seems to allow more saved following, perhaps more watched items_ have removed widget as now useless.
the old app worked so well. this new updated version is absolutely terrible_ it lost some of my followed searches. it takes twice as long to get to what i'm actually interested in. and there are ads everywhere. i will be uninstalling this garbage.
the old ebay app was great and easy to use. now we have this new interface witch is rubbish. i need to tap 100 times to see my watch list or myebay,  just all the ads comes on first page. why devs turn a good working app into an ad interface_ i want old app back.
if an ad is texted to me it won't open in the app, it just takes my to the app store and opens the ebay tab. please fix_
i can see what they are trying to do, you open the motors page for example, the link to cars_ right at the bottom of the page after you've swiped through t 2 pages of paid ad's and stuff you're _supposedly_ interested in, which i'm not, sometimes i just give up and go somewhere else. ebay listen to me people don't use ebay for an _enriched shopping experiance_ they go to netaporter or there local dept store for that, concentrate on what you do and do it well, these ideas sound great in the boardroom
this newest update, well, the last few truthfully, are terrible_ no lists, poor interface, hell, not even the much advertised _collections_ are available.... so what purpose does the app serve, if it doesn't offer a single feature that the website has_
great app, does everything it should but the new interface isn't built with the user in mind. it's more of an advertisement space now. bring back a way to quickly find your items, not a side menu.
you keep updating this 4.xxx version and it's total crap. you say you listened to feedback from users ... but where_ the app is totally counter intuitive, the interface is designed around feeding us pharking ads, and finding what you want to see is a click_fest. oh, and how do you turn off vibrate on notification_ i remember people asking for that ... and you failed to deliver. horrible. terrible. fail.  i have uninstalled this 4.0 pos _ reverted back to the 3.0.0.19 version. that is an improvement.
absolutely ruined this app. it is painfully slow, visually awful, hard to navigate and is all but useless. the older version was fast and smooth and above all it was reliable, whoever at ebay thought this was a great step forward is very sadly mistaken. won't be using ebay again until this mess is put straight. it's the best advert for amazon ever_  have only given it the one star as there is no option for zero which is all it's worth_
hate just about everything about this new app especially the ads you should be making enough money with your fees
absolutely awful. too much going on and is a big advert for stuff you don't want. can't see p_p until you click on the item. most annoyingly it will not tilt. it was better the way it was. keep away.
by 'ads' i mean sponsored listings crammed on the bottom of basically every page. the app opens to an ugly _shop_ page with current ebay deals _ _curated listings_ instead of _my ebay_. now there is no way to only see expired watched listings. bought page doesn't show who i bought from _seller names_ followed searches page font is so big it cuts off the search titles after just 20 characters.  it looks terrible. i do like the new top left menu button tho, but that's it.
the ads within the app make it cluttered and the navigation is confusing at best. please fix.
they turned one of the great apps into another piece of crap ad machine with all of the functionality hidden away deep in the drop down menus.  hey marketing dept, you're not going to sell more stuff by shoving crap i dont want in my face... you sell more stuff by making it easy to buy.
i would like to have back where you just swipe the ad to put it on the 'watch' list. otherwise its fabulous_
terrible update.  obviously designed for pad, not a phone screen. plus, it's missing the ability to check if there are new items on followed searches.  but of course, there's more featured crap _advertising_.  edit_ been trying to use for over a month now, thinking it might just be a learning curve, but i still seriously hate this update. even more than before.
changed the reward system whucb makes it useless now. also if you are a seller there's a lot of fake buyers. off to repost my ad again....
seriously ebay with the app.  now with the new update i dont shop in ebay no more. look at all the nice ads...
samsung galaxy note 4, last two updates stink, more advertising less controll over account, some parts do not work anymore.
new interface full of bugs to the point of unusability. edit_ and here is an update which didn't fix the interface problems, menu on the left changes shape every time you click it, just as before. edit2_ if you did all this mess just to add advertising, you failed_ no one will click because the app is unusable.
v4.1.0 absolutely sucks _ old version so so so much better_ _e_bay pretty cheesy _pathetic_ adding advertising ads or maybe just really greedy_
v4.1.0 absolutely sucks _ old version so so so much better_ _e_bay pretty cheesy _pathetic_ adding advertising ads or maybe just really greedy_
works,  but ads that compete with one's own indigo products, really_ other ads are really intrusive too
i didn't think it was possible for this app to get any worse, but clearly i was very wrong. app is not even material design, ugly gray_white ui. don't get me started on global ship program and gaypal. greedbay charges its users a fortune yet won't spend a dime to improve the user experience, especially the recent web redesign that removed tons of features. i pay over 1000_ in feebay fees yearly but greedbay still plasters ads everywhere. learn to follow design and ux conventions of the android platform.
new layout is useless, functionality gone, enormous ads... could have done without this update. can't view tracking info on items i've sold, feedback pages ask me for info the buyer is supposed to enter_ what_
the app now seems focused on advertising things to purchase. important items such as current bids, purchase history and saved searches are hidden in menus or at the bottom of tabs. activity tab layout is poor.
too much going on and is a big advert for stuff you don't want. most annoyingly it will not tilt. it was better the way it was.
simplified means you won't have access to your buying, selling, or watching. you will get featured products _ services, and ads forced on you.
ads on every screen now....
the external advertising and  unresponsive gui contribute  to a disinteresting user experience. the old version of the app was more enjoyable to use.
as a seller i am not a fan of the new app. the old reminders page used to clearly remind people to leave feedback for items but now that's gone ive noticed a major drop in people leaving any feedback. v.annoying when providing good service and star rating doesnt increase to reflect this. bring back the  red reminders_ too many menus too and the descriptions cut off in listings _ what's the point of that_ never used to. too many menus to swipe around and 'shop' is just adverts. v.disappointed.
just when you finally fix up the app after the last update there's now this. horrible with a clunky feel and all the menu buttons, etc hidden off main screen. i can't make head nor tail of my saved list nor does it update properly. and all the adverts and _sponsored links_ are not even remotely resemble what i'm searching for. seems ebay has been turned into a catalogue of adverts rather than a tool for buying and selling.
why make an ebay app then say oh no if you want to advertise a car for sale you will have to use the desktop...  how ridiculously stuuuuppiiid
sad that ebay feels the need to add doubleclick ads into the app.
can't buy anything ad app won't log in to paypal. worked fine before upgrade. please fix_
i know it's not helpful or constructive, but i've been trying that approach for years without getting anywhere. this update is junk. it's good at sending unwanted advertising but everything's unfamiliar and relocated _or silently dropped..._, the click through to paypal doesn't work. still missing _similar items_.  that's it_ i've had enough. i'm off to using a browser again. edit_ just reverted to version 2.6.1.2. bliss_
unusable. bells and whistles with additional distracting advertising. where did everything go_ deleted and reinstalled previous version, remembering to switch off auto update in the playstore.
very hard to use. very limited followed sellers. no info on selling ads other than pictures.
rubbish experience.  previous version was more intuitive and easier to navigate. this new version has the opposite effect of what advertises_ it puts me off from buying in ebay
the return of large sponsor adverts in the middle of listing details is very annoying so i won't be using this app anymore
when i click on, _selling_  is it too much to ask that i see the items i am actually selling_ what is the point of showing me my drafts, or an advertisement for somebody else to sell my stuff for me_ ridiculous.. please change it back_
love the new update so you can throw ads on the mobile. you suck.
you say you listened to feedback from users ... but where_ the app is totally counter intuitive, the interface is designed around feeding us pharking ads, and finding what you want to see is a click_fest. oh, and how do you turn off vibrate on notification_ i remember people asking for that ... and you failed to deliver. horrible. terrible. fail. update. i have uninstalled this 4.0 pos _ reverted back to the 3.0.0.19 version.
since updating i haven't even been able to search, it just stays on the home screen with its massive adverts. completely useless as an app.
i have to this new version of the ebay android app is absolutely crap. my messages do load correctly and is one of many bugs,, the advertising is very intrusive and cannot be disabled. i have to agree with other reviews of this version being pointlessness and complete waste of money and time. the previous version was absolutely fine it did everything i needed and was easy to navigate and use. now i will have find the previous version from another source and re_install, as i consider this latest  version to
or should i say rolling with the punches_ too much white space. hurts my eyes at night. you know, advertisers say that all white space is potential advertising space. wise up,  and condense this app. sure i get it, sheeple _consumers_ are idiots.
seems to me this latest app is aimed at pushing ads at you instead of letting you do what you really want. i.e. check yr lists. something that was easy to use and displayed the info i needed has become almost as bad as the windows app. not impressed.
or should i say rolling with the punches_ too much white space. hurts my eyes at night. you know, advertisers say that all white space is potential advertising space. wise up suckers and condense this abomination of an app. sure i get it, sheeple _consumers_ are idiots.
hideous to look at,hideous to navigate and now adverts aswell.... awful in every way, shape and form
get the new update and you get ads all over the place in your face. terrible_
took a clean interface and added crap that requires more steps to use it productively.  more paid advertising to shove in our faces. ebay should go back to their roots and not try to get every bigbox store shoving their crap in our faces. if they would allow the end users to customize their install,  but wait, they might lose a dollar from advertising.
the last update use clumsy interface, lot of sponsor ads. previous version used much better interface, more informative pages.please roll back to the old version.
cannot scrow down any of description page in all the ads
so you update the app that worked pretty well, made it suck and added advertisements_ joy...
this update was the worst yet. big pictures with no description. i can't tell which of my saved searches have new results. there's no check box to delete items from my watch list. stop bombarding me with ads for craps that i will not buy.  please give me back the old menus.
due to over use of pictures it's very slow_ and how much advertising do you really need_ information on the home page is wast full and not needed, it used to be that everything was on the home page, watching, buying and selling and all it took was a quick swipe between_ know menu page select back select again_ aargg_ also there are still lots of bugs in it_ not all info on search are correct and changes when go to individual items_ and what about all my saved seller_ gone_ hopefully this will improve_
adverts eveywhere. cannot read small print in item descriptions _no zoom_. does not rotate for bigger screen. utter rubbish. nothing wrong with the old version. wish i hadn't updated.
interface is featureless and now listing have ads, i rather shop elsewhere
why does it have ads now_...come on,this new update sucks....
ugly, unintuitive, and now with even more advertising. great update assholes. as if you don't gouge enough money out of your users already.
no added functionality, slow as hell on a sony xperia z, most of the time i am looking at a blue circle for 3 minutes. ebay made this update just to be able to present more ads for the users. i don't find this correct. if the seller is paying 10_ for ebay, then i don't want to see ads. if ebay would be cost free, ads would be ok, since they have to earn some money too.
what a cluster f this is. you even read any of the feeds on this app you sucked up. big time we all hate it.  it's not like your on ebay. more like ad attack. harassment app.getting very close to closing my account.and i been through this since the beginning. you are thinking with the part your setting on. my two year old monkey could make you a better app. i ll send you his number. toilet paper has more value than this app.  delete it. everyone before it takes a sh it on you. crappy app crappy business.thx
by 'ads' i mean sponsored listings now crammed on the bottom of basically every page, _ the app opens to an ugly _shop_ page with current ebay deals _ _curated listings_ instead of your my ebay homepage. now there is no way to only see expired watched listings. followed searches page the font is so big and it cuts of the search titles after just 20 characters.  it looks terrible. i do like the new top left menu button _ activity page but that is all i like about the 'improved look.'
cannot filter or narrow results to eu. constantly seeing ads from the us.
what happened_  used to work well, but this new update is shyte. nothing is convenient _ except the ads _ and notifications are near impossible to swipe away. go back to the old ui please.
the update version is horrible. the ads are useless. dont care for the new format. the old  version was a lot better
first of all, seriously ebay_ how dare you include ads to 3rd party websites_ as a seller, i am absolutely appalled at this_ i pay you good money to use your site. you have no right advertising 3rd party sites to my prospective buyers on my auctions_ i see a class action suit brewing here... secondly, i've had glitches on this app that caused payment problems. lastly, it's ridiculous that i can not post a vehicle for sale through this. it needs to be made full service. mobile is the present and future_
first of all, seriously ebay_ how dare you include ads to 3rd party websites_ as a seller, i am absolutely appalled at this_ i pay you good money to use your site. you have no right advertising 3rd party sites to my prospective buyers on my auctions_ i see a class action suit brewing here... secondly, i've had glitches on this app that caused payment problems. lastly, it's ridiculous that i can not post a vehicle for sale through this. it needs to be made full service. mobile is the present and future_
worst update ebay has ever done. hate the layout. hate the ads.
i am no longer going to use ebay the update is that bad_ went from simple to advertising absolute junk
browsing items has become a pain with items taking ages to load up. the sidebar option is awful i don't want to have to swipe over to get to my watch list. it should automatically be there when i open the app, not the advertising you are shoving in my face_  please go back to the setup you had before the update.
the new interface is difficult to use. there is nothing intuitive about it. overall functionality has been severely reduced. to make matters worse there are ads all over now that compound make it even harder to navigate.
it is easy to see that ebay's main focus was to add the ability to have advertising on listings, because everything else with this update is garbage. no more landscape view, you can only see the price when scrolling listings _no more description or time left in the auction_, inability to see when looking at summaries whether someone has left feedback, and that's just a few issues. overall poor ui. wish i could go back to the previous version.
dgaqtjdha,bipgje.ae.cngjdpa,aehjmlga.fad.bgpg.ad,eahjmgkqttgd.aaad,kegeagfga.ajajpaj,ha.af.ad,aea.aegad,bgjmdluwpjgda.da.bdgjmgd.jgpkgdgumgjgmgtgmgtdg.mdgtg.d.ma.jgjtgdgmpjgdjgdnd.tgd.m
the last format was great. this format sucks balls. it's like you guys are more concerned with advertising than convenience. i hate it.
i don't know how much time and effort was put in to the latest update but it was a complete waste_ can't delete watched items even after they've ended. was so much nicer to use before it was ruined. to top it off you've introduced large gambling advertising_
can't find my ebay products without surfing through all ebay products and ads.  dont update_
used to be good. worked like website. now it is just a sucky advertising machine with all the useful features hidden. good for idiots i suppose. forget searching for stuff though.
suks advertisement
the latest upgrade has taken focus from where you left off in preference for a less useful overview, sorry but a waste of space imho_ removal of watch items annoyingly requires edit mode, and adverts have sprung up everywhere, ignoring my google opt out settings completely, sorry, but was five now down to 3 stars, any lower and i'll return to the browser interface.
ruined their own app with unwanted advertising. so slow and unresponsive it is not worth the effort to use it. galaxy tab 2.
ebay please sort this problem out.. i cant sell anything for months _ ebay.... please sort out the glitch thats stopping me uploading pictures to sell items_ every picture uploaded saves as a new draft_ ie...1 item to sell , upload 5 photos and you have 5 adverts_    its getting very tedious as i have lots to sell _ ive been selling this way for years but its all gone wrong_
what am i typing, amateurs would code better than this. too spaced out,  font too large, lost item counts, too many clicks, incorrectly transferred searches which i am unable to remove_add _ie edit_.  slow _ irritating, don't wish to go back laptop as all the adverts make it too clunky and slow to load.  rubbish _ i was going to start selling as well, looks like i will sell elsewhere now _ as as i am unable to locate my favourite items _which i could before_ really won't be buying either. this passed uat_
too spread out...all over the place...too much advertising...cant send photo eith messages anymore.....and i cant find where to sign out
update_ i did as above and works great now on my z3. please fix. now takes too long to load ads or their pictures. don't blame my connection i'm getting 100mg.
recent update seems to be 90_ advertisements rather than viewing followed searches_users.
hate the new update. loads of advertising and hard to navigate.also less options on orders placed.
was a good app till you greedy c_nts stuck targeted ads all over it so its 1_ listing 99_ ads per page.
not very descriptive  on each ad, have to open every one. harder to navigate through app.  i like the older version of app much better wish i could go back
i used to love using the app now i don't like it. mainly because the ui was much easier too use also ads are forced on us. don't you already make enough money on here.
it stinks. hard to navigate. now with ads on top of fees. i feel abused. wish i could go back to the previous versions.
what have you done_ its now nothing more than a glorified advertising space. cant say ill be using it much now_ make the bad app go away_
while i appreciate that it is easier to see my purchase history so i can see how soon my items are coming, it made it harder to access other features. for example, i want to see how many ebay bucks i've earned this quarter so far. i simply can't do that on the mobile app anymore. also my phone has been plagued by pop up ads on any screen on my phone at any time. i have finally narrowed it down to this app as the cause. when i force stop it, no more pop ups.
so take an app that worked and was easy to use just to change it make it confusing and why just so you can add advertising wth
i bought some items from china. they have no good business ethics. all time they send 2nd quality products. but advertise it 100_ quality. they cheat the people.
get annoying ads which suggests i cant get credit, quite illegal and libellous methinks and latest  update is shite
i fully realize that no developers ever take any notice of comments here, but the redesign is not an improvement for me as a user. everything is harder to get to, saved searches are buggy as hell, and i have zero interest in all the suggested or promoted content that seem to be front and center now. but hey, i guess once you are the dominant force in online selling you can do whatever the hell you want and screw over your users to make more money from advertising...
the app normally pop up advert on my screen
clogged with ads, promos etc. followed searches is hard to use and sometimes doesn't even work. hard to browse categories. wish i could go back to the older version.
went from reasonably  organized to completely self serving. i have to work to get my own searches while you blatantly  advertise  yours. i'm  speechless
yay for redesigned ebay_ now it manages to show almost no useful information even on a 5_ screen device. oh, and the purchase status is almost impossible to understand without clicking on a lot page to see another nice ad. but the fonts are now modern. _well done_ _o_
poor step in direction. confusing layout. why on why when i search it does not show ad titles and only a picture_ how do i know what is what without opening the ad. thankfully kept a backup of v3. rolled back to something usable.
horrible. just horrible. should have provided a map and not crammed as many featured items on my ebay page. your job is to simplify  the classic ebay page to app form. we use this for quick research and business, not for ads. its laggy, the following tab is glitching, searches take longer, and the refine_sort need to be joined. this update overhaul sucks. been on ebay since 1999 and this is real bad. fix it.
amazon app store still has old version.  new version is for the vision impaired, fortunately i'm not.  what i hate most about the new version is that they abbreviated the title.  now i have to click into the ad to see description, wasting my time.  list of item titles is perfect for mobile devices, why have big picture interface for a mobile app_
this _newest_ version isnothing more than an app jam packed with useless advertising. every page every move has more and more advertising and makes find ing what you want harder.forget the ease of switching back and for via a simple tab between buying and watching....nope need to go to the home screen the select one see moree stupid advertising then back again.  don't upgrade
the new update for android really sucks_  please change it back_  i don't care what the app thinks i would like and i don't care about sales on things i have no intention in buying_  this is the equivalent to ads on websites and it blows_  and now it won't upload a photo i need to send to a buyer to get a refund... thanks for nothin ebay_
in search it does not show the names of the listed items, only the picture and price. wtf_ when clicking on an item, the seller's actual item description is hidden another click away. when opening the app you get greeted with ads instead of your watching list or followed searches. i use ebay quite a lot, but this app is completely incompatible with my _presumably pretty average_ usage pattern. what a shame ...       update_ followed searches ist really buggy.
once again ebay has done a diservice to their users with there updates. this one may. be the one that gets me to never use ebay again. the new app is horrible. it is impossible to navigate. my ebay is gone. it is filled with ads from outside companies. i want the last app back or i will be done with ebay.
seriously this app is just so tedious and frustrating to use now. so slow and buggy no back button within the app. where similar products use to show now it's just advertising links . i'm out done with ebay sick and tired as it was with dealing with china sellers getting away with saying they ship from uk when they ship from china.
very difficult to use. everything is dotted everywhere. they put a new useless homepage so they can advertise deals i'm not looking for. as a seller i struggle to find my active listings. sales have dropped to practically zero and 80_ this new apps fault.
takes ages to load pages even over wifi no last few seconds  bids with this app. probably becuase it loads pages of adverts first. like you dont make enough money with the charges for selling yet u need to make more from advetising
as a very keen ebay user naturally i was happy to update this already awesome app instead i found the update forcing ads at me everywhere and it's not great to use that and knowing that you scan through my phone pics to provide me with annoying ads has forced me to remove your app
new version takes a little time to adjust to and too much advertisements
it was fine before. i hate the new layout_ oh...the huge ads are a nice touch too_ i guess you weren't already making enough money off of us.
3 windows to be able to search on startup. u really think people like adverts on mobiles_
latest update wastes space, less information, and now has crappy sponsored advertising. what, you didn't make enough taking 20_ of all sales_ bunch of idiots run your company.
new update is crammed with advertising _ nothing you want. makes using ebay as hard as possible so it can show you what bloated nonsense they are trying to push at the moment. clown shoes
this app leaves less to be desired.  not user friendly, very confusing.  trying to just opt out of the ads doesn't help because i'm told i will still see them. hard to see the status of what i'm selling because of the ads that need to be shown.
and slower. everything takes longer to load...if it loads at all. this is especially true when the app fetches the pictures. seems dumbed down on wifi. plus, doesn't list all the sellers i follow, it's rife with ads, and no longer has an intuitive feel to the navigation. hardly an improvement.
bring back the old _my ebay_ fire whoever developed this update_ updated app won't allow you to view the classic site. no notice that the app was updating. i hate the random giant ads for cars, etc... in the middle of the page. changes were extreme as if the app was cut and pasted together. too awkward maneuvering this app. functionally useless. i used to love ebay. now i hate it. no longer an ebay customer because of the changes.
ads all across the app, searches are now hidden away.. terrible user interaction _most actions are further away than the previous version_.
i hate the update to this app, it is now a pain to use and makes shopping more difficult. it is hard to find what i want and when i look at my followed searches ad soon ad i go look at something it takes me back to the top of the list. it is a pain
_ reformated app  is not for the end user _buyers _ sellers_... requires a lot more effort to use. currently it's still the best panel flashlight, but still very high battery consumption as one waits .... . what previously was starting to improve appears to be  most for the benefit of selling advertising.
really_ thank you for completely ruining this app, you have now freed up some of my time. i can't even view my followed searches now. just because you greedy corporate a holes want to add more advertising.
this is one of the worst updates of any app ever_ the layout is awful_ the previous app was excellent. i get no notifications now and the ads are a joke_ sort it out ebay you are a multi billion dollar company_ get some feedback before you release a new app.
latest update is a big step backwards in my view. fails to load content e.g ad displayed with no pictures. when ui does load it proves to be confusing e.g. browsing ads shows picture but no description_title.
its now a giant advert, see everything but what you want, do not update_
this version works, but do you really need ads to make more money_   if you don't get rid of the ads in a month i am uninstalling. i know ebay won't care of i uninstall, but they will of a lot of people do the same.
gone are the times i'll browse _and probably buy_ with this app. now you're wasting valuable mobile screen space with ads... because youre not making enough profit from sales_
hate the new app.   get read of the advertisements and separate emails from sales_bidding_buying_
this update horrible. i can't see the titles of the ads. don't like the format.
all of my saved searches disappeared and why can't i veiw landscape anymore. oh yeah thanks for all the ads. don't know how i got along without them before.
i lose patience trying to find my items. get your advertisements out of my face. they take up the entire screen on my device. what a terrible update.
ok for the average amateur seller. ad heavy considering my ebay fees are _50_ every month
as others have mentioned, can not view in landscape so a lot of zooming and moving of screen from large ads. also, why is there now a list showing recent activity that i have to scroll through before i get to what i'm watching. if i'm interested in seeing the item again i'll watch it_
i don't like these new version a lot of advertising ...
redesigned the layout to fit more ads onto the page... now it seems its more important to sell ad space than actually selling the product you searched for... poor show...i would imagine that ebay must be loosing _ now no one can actually use the app _
i don't like the new version.  the old version was just fine.  this is too faffy and i don't like the double listing view.  i much preferred the single row listing view.  i want to know whether listings are buy it now or auction etc and its not clear anymore. it seems all over the place and i don't understand why things can't just be left as they are. and why am i now looking at adverts for giff gaff_ ebay take note_ we dont like it_  maybe we should all uninstall and then ebay will get the message.
absolutely the worst update ever. only shows a random selection of the followed searches. what us the point of that. only geared to advertising , will be uninstalling
this new app has to many ads and i dont like the new design or bidding process. please bring back old app. why change_
i hate the new update on my galaxy note 3 it used to be so easy to navigate around it and to remove unwanted products and now you have to go in to the advert and delete it or unwatch  it please go back to the old style ..... if it wasn't broke why change it
display font is too big.  s_l_o_w to load auctions.   organization is not intuitive.  feels like one big ad aimed at me rather than a tool built to help use ebay.  eh... i should say something good about it_  the listings are big enough to read from across the room, i don't get distracted by too much information all at once, and i have lots of time to think.  sigh
now appears to put adverts before functionality. takes more touches to do anything on there and seems to be designed for a tablet not a phone, the tiny menu button top left is awful on a modestly sized phone. none of my saved searches work no notifications and can't even go in manually. why mess with something that worked_
the update removed one of the best ways to find item i'm looking for.  how do i get the saved searches_ i see followed searches but that's a different feature and that doesn't keep track of my refinements. also,  the new addition of ads is sorta obtrusive, at least make it relevant to my search.
update_ 9_16 _ promotional ads now also cover my screen.  this is a mobile app please bring back the functionality needed and get rid of the self promos, advertisements and clutter.not a fan of this update.  very childish.  i don't need to see all these categories as pictures. and i don't need featured items.  when i go to ebay i know what i want.  i do everything on my phone and this update buries items in submenus.   make it more professional please.  bring my old ebay back.  paypal integration is a joke.
update_ 9_16 _ promotional ads now also cover my screen.  this is a mobile app please bring back the functionality needed and get rid of the self promos, advertisements and clutter.not a fan of this update.  very childish.  i don't need to see all these categories as pictures. and i don't need featured items.  when i go to ebay i know what i want.  i do everything on my phone and this update buries items in submenus.   make it more professional please.  bring my old ebay back.  paypal integration is a joke.
from promising power user tool to flabby media piece. ebay looms like big brother in version 4, no doubt guiding new users but making most tasks much less efficient. eg go to selling and get told to sell in an advert style interface, reminded to complete drafts then scroll down to finally see a link to your actual items for sale. version 3, which finally out 'app'd the web site, had a superb watch_buying_selling layout that put everything at your fingertips but now it all feels barge pole distant away...
another step back for the ebay team...all the things i want to use are now in a sub menu_ home page is now full of useless stuff i don't want and crappy sponsored ads. each time this app gets worse i use it a lot less_ cannot even go back to factory settings anymore as it just updates _regardless of it being turned off in app settings_ automatically.... ebay i used to love browsing your site and buying shite but now its just a chore_
was much faster and easy to use before update.  horrible update.  i wish i would not of updated. update seems to be for more advertising and less management of sells and buying. took away feedback given or received next to sold items very disappointed.
unusable. bells and whistles with additional distracting advertising. where did everything go_ as confusing as amazon. deleted and reinstalled previous version.
the worst update ever. of course no provision to return to previous version. time to leave. edit_ i tried it again. horrible. remember windows 8_ this is many times worse. and if you think they will give you the old version back, you're wasting your time. revenue from sponsored ads is more important than you are. edit_to rollback on android, look for ebay  3.0.0.19. it will work until ebay disables it. beware, installing apps you find outside google play involves risks.
it got more bugs more hassle more adverts. nothing works well lists and searches all screwed up. more difficult to use you have to click twice as many options to view lists, new app sucks big time. re downloaded old app from amazon and turned off auto update.
absolutely sucks _ old version so so so much better_ _e_bay pretty cheesy _pathetic_ adding advertising ads or maybe just really greedy_
absolutely sucks _ old version so so so much better_ _e_bay pretty cheesy _pathetic_ adding advertising ads or maybe just really greedy_
how this app works. 1. turn on app and get immediately hit with a homepage stuffed full of advertising. 2. search for an item. then re_search for it 20 times until, finally, it throws up a list of items. 3. click on one of the items  and then watch a spinning wheel of death rotate until you hit back. 4. attempt to re_click on the item 15 times until, finally, it throws up the listing. 5. try to make a bid on said item, then wait as a spinning wheel of death rotates until after the listing finishes. _onejob
recent update is very slow to open and loading advert
no speed, no notification of ending auctions, no easy way to view items, and no end of advertisements_
absolutely shocking update. you've destroyed the app. far too slow. pages don't work. took many adverts. seriously need to rethink your android app. gonna try and install previous version.
why would you update something that worked simple and flawless to now a steaming mess _   loads images like windows 98 with more ad's than ever
does not simplify anything makes things much more difficult. as a seller who relied on this i will not be listing as many items anymore as this update made everything more difficult to track and respond to buyers. yet they require i do everything quickly. as a power seller i don't want or need to weave through all sorts of ads. not everyone using this app is a buyer.
can't even tell which buyers have or have not left feedback.  all useful menus buried under layers of advertising. search and watch lists have less information than ever before.  rolling back to old version.
the new app is terrible not intuitive at all and too much advertisement. also takes far too long to load. old app was better by far.
why did u create this crappy update.  uninstalling and loading older apk.  quit breaking what's not broken ebay_ pages load slower than molasses.  really, an update or more crap you can load for advertising.
new update made this app from perfect to just a piece of _garbage_ just full of ads, i have to go thru all those ad's, it just to be a few clicks from the things that i care and now i have to go all around those ads. now i jus can't find my way to my auctions and bid my buys, just bring the perfect app back. next time ask to the people that use the app what needs to be fix and that's all.
i hate it_ the last version was bad, but usable. this version is just completely unusable. ads take precedence over everything_ this once again is proof that ebay is an advertisement agency who fleece the seller in favor of the buyer. i cannot even rotate the screen. how dumb is that_ words are truncated on my tiny android screen. in fact, i am now considering canceling my account and never sell_buy through ebay ever again_
i hate it_ the last version was bad, but usable. this version is just completely unusable. ads take precedence over everything_ this once again is proof that ebay is an advertisement agency who fleece the seller in favor of the buyer. i cannot even rotate the screen. how dumb is that_ words are truncated on my tiny android screen. in fact, i am now considering canceling my account and never sell_buy through ebay ever again_
new _update_ is a piece of junk_ can't find similar items, it's too slow _  difficult to use_ why _fix_ something that worked beautifully_ old version had 5 _'s new version gets 1 _ 09_14_15 _ i just get used to the last update _ you update again_ the entire app is too white everywhere, no color defining anything. sadly, similar items, _ reminders are gone, too many paid advertisements. if i wanted to shop at another store i would be on their website not ebay_
the worst update ever. of course no provision to return to previous version. time to leave. edit_ i tried it again. horrible. remember windows 8_ this is many times worse. and if you think they will give you the old version back, you're wasting your time. revenue from sponsored ads is more important than you are. and of course nothing in the update is fixed, it still shows the phantom one item in your cart that's empty_
to many ads, pictures and info i dont need every time i open it, slow and clunky
just got to like the old one when it is replaced with an inferior new app. my saved sellers are absent. how do i get the previous app back_ when you redesign it , please put the _find more like this_ option back. it's full off irrelevant adverts.
reaction to new update.. stick your extra revenue invasive advertising, and your ill thought out app.. well you know where. i've been a happy ebay customer for many years working predominantly from a mobile, but this update has completely put me off to the point where i can't be bothered to use ebay any longer, it's that bad_  we all pay to use ebay in one way or another, so do you really need to punish us with completely unrelated pop up advertising to line your pockets further_ bye_
can't find favourite sellers anymore. too confusing to use _ waste of time. don't bother advertising things on ebay until the old style app is back as you'll be loosing out on bids, as searches aren't working correctly. it took me ages to tweak it just the way i wanted,  now can't find way around it.
the new 4.0 app is horrible, extreamly slow, and practically unusable.  i now have to scroll and search for relevant information, meanwhile i'm bombarded with recently viewed items, advertisements, special deals, and other useless information.  total fail
lost a lot of functionality, cluttered the screen, and now we're going to get _ targeted, personalized advertising. great idea, guys.
ebay, what the heck did you do_ the _new user interface_ is horrible. makes everything look like ads, wastes space, and is confusing. plus takes forever to load a search request. why make something fancy when practical and simple will do. ads, really_
i really peed off as my listing finish tomorrow and no will be able to big on them ad the pages don't bloody load... what joke_  why have you ruined something that was fine.. this will the last time i will be using ebay
can't even tell which buyers have or have not left feedback.  all useful menus buried under layers of advertising. search and watch lists have less information than ever before.  moving to mobile site instead.
it's nothing more than a way to make more money out of ads i do not need ebay to link me to what they think i may want to buy
can't zoom or read ads or messages because you can't zoom in or out to adjust the view
the version before the update was perfect_ if it isn't broke don't fix it_ i'd rather browse free ads than suffer through this.
on this ebay app for some reason im getting full screen _seemingly high quality_ ads for android_google and ford motor cars. doesnt improve my enjoyment of ebay and really ford etc, will it persuade me to buy a car _or any other product_ if the manufacturer irritates me with tactics like these. whats this about google_android
this new update takes ages to open ads... it sucks waste of time..
a drastic change which doesn't seem for the better. i can't tell if i've had payment or not as the one page tells me i have, the other says i haven't_ not the best update so please sort out. hope you didn't down too much of our charges on this update_ where's the simple summary of what you've sold... whether it's paid, had or given feedback etc. don't take away the simple and useful stuff for the seller just to add in your advertising_
thank you for fixing the issue of returns. i can now view and complete a return within the app.                         _1 problem is when it defaults back to the first or top item after it auto refreshes while viewing my listed items.                                                      _2 problem is the saved searches and followed sellers section.                                           _3 problem is the large ebay ads  'ebay valet' and 'sell your item'             review from the pickers_in_paradise
absolutely ruined this app. it is painfully slow, visually awful, hard to navigate and is all but useless. the older version was fast and smooth and above all it was reliable, whoever at ebay thought this was a great step forward is very sadly mistaken. won't be using ebay again until this mess is put straight. it's the best advert for amazon ever_  have only given it the one star as there is no option for zero which is all it's worth_
latest update _september_... very slow, too many adverts, very slow, not as easy to navigate, very slow _ oh yeh... very slow_
you take something that was great and turn it to crap. then on top of that, you put ads in the searches showing me that a big box store has the product cheaper. so you want me to shop elsewhere_ i use the categories to search for items, now i can't narrow down my search... i'm not sifting through 667,927 results. wtf_ grrr_
just awful_ terrible menu system, more ad's, won't load. crashed when i was about to buy something and ended up having to go online to purchase item. not a happy customer _
whoever designed this ought to be fired. you took a simple, easy_to_use design and turned it into a jumbled mess that is chalk full of useless advertising. it's the complete opposite of easy to navigate. actions that used to require one click now take endless scrolling and multiple clicks. half of my followed searches disappeared. the ones that remained don't have the correct search parameters that i had in place, and when i try to refine the search terms my changes won't save.  followed searches aren't being updated correctly either. between the 40 followed searches i had, i would end up with 100_ new listings to look at every day. now the app claims i have less than a dozen per day. so in just two days i've missed out on viewing more than 200 listings.  the only solution i see for this would be to log in in my browser, view each of my followed searches daily, and write down the last listing i viewed so as to bookmark my place for the next time i view the search.  thanks for making it next to impossible to stay up to date on specialty items i'm looking for. give me my shopping app back_ i have no use for this sponsored ad generator.
whoever designed this ought to be fired. you took a simple, easy_to_use design and turned it into a jumbled mess that is chalk full of useless advertising. it's the complete opposite of easy to navigate. actions that used to require one click now take endless scrolling and multiple clicks. half of my followed searches disappeared. the ones that remained don't have the correct search parameters that i had in place, and when i try to refine the search terms my changes won't save.  followed searches aren't being updated correctly either. between the 40 followed searches i had, i would end up with 100_ new listings to look at every day. now the app claims i have less than a dozen per day. so in just two days i've missed out on viewing more than 200 listings.  the only solution i see for this would be to log in in my browser, view each of my followed searches daily, and write down the last listing i viewed so as to bookmark my place for the next time i view the search.  thanks for making it next to impossible to stay up to date on specialty items i'm looking for. give me my shopping app back_ i have no use for this sponsored ad generator.
the previous version was much better to use as the interface was more user friendly.  the new version appears to be more focused on ads and also i find it a lot slower.
the latest update is a counter intuitive piece of crap. using massive font to fill a small screen and hiding the useful data from the user. it seems to be more focused on advertising than the customer. it has also revived old deleted searches and deleted current searches. the people that designed and approved the release of this appalling update are in the wrong jobs.
new design just made that app less user friendly, but very much more advertising friendly. why change something that actually worked well.
new update sucks. no landscape mode, no text under searched items, convoluted ui. it seems ebay generally disregarded user experience to try to push more of their _services_ and ad lists. uninstalling until this situation is fixed.
please fix. now takes too long to load ads or their pictures. don't blame my connection i'm getting 100mg.
dog poo, stinky dog poo. cant see paid dispatch feedback icons. presented with adverts n menus rather than my watch list. no ability in settings to fix. taken a perfectly good version n made it unusable.
i'm relying on the ebay app since my ancient laptop struggles to load all the adverts_ the latest update just won't load any of the pages of items i'm buying, selling and watching. so now it's useless, i'm trying a reinstall with little hope given how the other reviews are going for you. edit, reinstall even worse, can't log in at all, uninstalling.. honesty, try beta testing this stuff first, you're supposed to be a cutting edge company_
ads and unnecessary info in between  stuff i need to look at. huge buttons when it doesnt. add more functions like invoices and such that the desktop has before we get all crazy with a big redesign. with all of the money we pay in fees for selling, should get a better product.
no idea why this had to be updated, worked fine previously.   now, interface is confusing and clunky.  who is the ad wizard that approved this one_
the app worked well as it was now it is no better than a cluttered advertisement.
terrible update...again_ ebay shows exactly how it listens to its customers...never...covered in adverts...now let's wait for the 'paid for advert free' app...such a poor app from a company that makes a lot of money out of me.
the old app worked great. was just what i needed, easy to use, no fluff. the new app is totally designed to throw advertising at you and you're forced to navigate through it every time you start it up. i'll be going back to my desktop and removing this garbage. not even an option to go back to the previous version. very disappointed_
a pretty decent, functional app has been changed to be littered with ads. want to see an items details_ scroll down past the _blindside_ tv ad, but don't scroll too far, because the bottom of the screen is covered with _sponsored_ ads of the same item you're looking for. clearly a turn for the worse. uninstalling now.
what just happened_ open ebay app today and it has transformed in to total garbage. overly big font, useless white space, missing summary, extra steps to find stuff, etc. seems like companies, nowadays, are assuming their customers_user base are morons. more 'upgrades' like this, to gain users or to advertise, are not welcome_ because you'll actually loose users.
how on earth a company like ebay can come up with something like this defeats me. the previous app was fine and really easy to use. this is not user friendly at all. why no option not to display previous items looked at _ i would have thought that with the vast amount of money ebay is making they could have done much better. having said this, the desktop site has also become pretty much unusable because of the amount of adverts on it. come on ebay. start being customer friendly again like the old days_
this so called _redesign_ is the biggest joke i have ever seen, they apparently have no regard for sellers anymore. i want my old app back_ and get rid of the ads, they just slow it down even more.
why the hell would you put ads in your app when you already make boatloads of cash from selling final value fees and all the other fees. ebay is already going downhill and you guys make a stupid move like this_ see ya ebay, its been a good 5 years but i'm going to amazon prime.
awful_ the update is a total redesign disaster. i used the ebay app daily, but now it is such a struggle that i don't want to use it at all. lots of clicks to get to what was once layed out in tabs. pictures are smaller, font thinner, making everything hard to see. some of my purchases are missing from buying. no option to view all. can't see feedback. annoying ads everywhere. even the new icon is stupid. fix it_
you guys really f_ked up what was one of the best apps i had on my phone. now, it takes way more steps to get to information i want to get at, if i can even still get to it. that's because you've turned the app into a total advertisement crap_fest, pushing things on me i have zero interest in buying. big _sell an item_ banner now _ wow, you mean i can sell stuff on ebay now, too_ like i didn't already frigging know that_ not happy, ebay_ not happy at all_
i depend on your app heavily for followed searches, as well as daily buying and selling. i don't even have words to describe how bad this update is. it makes the app nearly unusable... everything requires more clicks, endless scrolling, and jumping through hoops. the font is much too big, with ads everywhere... plus many of the screens are filled with bugs, and they jump around randomly as you try to scroll. i had to delete the app and revert to an older version. please get rid of this garbage asap.
horrible. just horrible. should have provided a map and not crammed as many featured items on my ebay page. your job is to simplify the classic ebay page to app form. we use this for quick research and business, not for ads.
now everything is hard to find. front page is just ads for _featured_ items. not my ebay anymore.
9_10_15 update... your senior management at ebay really sucks... greedy. first you spin off paypal and ruin its versatility for e_commerce. now you _redesign_ the app, clearly to advertise more stuff... it used to be a very good, easy_to_use app, now its a screwed up, over_complicated mess.
i didn't think it was possible for this app to get any worse, but clearly i was very wrong. app is not even material design, ugly gray_white ui. don't get me started on global ship program and gaypal. greedbay charges its users a fortune yet won't spend a dime to improve the user experience, especially the recent web redesign that removed tons of features. i pay over 1000_ in feebay fees yearly but greedbay still plasters ads everywhere. learn to follow design and ux conventions of the android platform.
the new update for android really sucks_  please change it back_  i don't care what the app thinks i would like and i don't care about sales on things i have no intention in buying_  this is the equivalent to ads on websites and it blows_
totally unintuitive. went from simple to an advertising_filled, convoluted mess. way to go. uninstalled.
no feedback functionality at all.  lots of ads though, to buy stuff.  tons of wasted space to scroll through.  search function sketchy.
terrible terrible update_ hard to use, can't find my way around.  ads a nuisance.  coloring gone from selling items so can't tell whats selling and whats not at a glance. uninstalling now. this update will loose you plenty of customers ebay. i would give it minus stars if i could.
horrific update. loads of advertising and links to _shopping_ that is no relevance. the followed searches section is awful.
not only have you resorted into developing a poorly executed app, but you've also managed to incorporate 3rd party advertising and affiliate links. you've sold out big time_ read and take note of your audience otherwise the masses will go elsewhere.
now there's sponsored crap everywhere even my followed searches include sponsored junk. the whole format was radically changed and i have to relearn how to use it. and the sponsored ads are totally blended into everything i want to do in the app.
way to take all the things people use all the time and bury them behind a ton of advertisements.
_psa _ don't update to version 4_   doesn't tell me at a glance what has bids or is selling _colour coding removed_. i don't need a big button pushing all the information down saying i can sell something. i know i can sell, let me check on their status. remove the useless adverts. poor navigation. information is hard to find. old app was better. _update _ summary info removed so have to view individual items. so user_hateful. useless functionality.  amazon are laughing_
this latest update makes it harder to do anything and has far more security features than necessary. if i'm logged into the app why must i now link it to my phone_ to get more ads i think... after much debate, i had to uninstall as the new update makes it too difficult to use.
this app has been one of the most useful tools for my ebay business, even with its flaws. now after this update it's just nothing but flaws. the layout is absolutely horrible, it looks and feels like it was created by a bunch of amateurs. the ad's are ridiculous, why do i have to scroll passed a ad trying to convince me to sell stuff, to see what im actually selling_ and why do my drafts come before what im actually selling_ this update is joke. please fix it immediately_
thus really is an abysmal app.  what's with the big adverts_  trouble is once you upgrade there's no going back...oh well i need the memory so it looks like it will get uninstalled.
i use ebay all day long and this is a real showstopper i hate it. i don't care about recent searches i care about my saved searches. i don't care to see ebay ads right when i open the app. make it simple and restore it back to the way it was_
you say you listened to feedback from users ... but where_ the app is totally counter intuitive, the interface is designed around feeding us pharking ads, and finding what you want to see is a click_fest. oh, and how do you turn off vibrate on notification_ i remember people asking for that ... and you failed to deliver. horrible. terrible. fail. update. i have uninstalled this 4.0 pos _ reverted back to the 3.0.0.19 version.
where did 'my ebay' go_ oh, you split it up into different sections that are hard to navigate. if you're going to keep this layout we should at least be able to swipe right and left between the sections. app is filled with ads and such.
bring back the old _better_ app. at least you knew where you were and where you were going. now i cannot get rid of unwanted rubbish or remove adverts as i could before. as soon as i have all my items i am leaving and never coming back.. your app now stinks_
so much nonsense. i just want to  see what i'm selling not all this other crap and ads.
it wasn't broken, so please don't change it.  i believe this new update is more for advertisements than anything.  give me another month and i'll be uninstalling.
this app was the best source of info for my busines. i uninstalled then re installed it because i have to have it. i really wish there was a way to remove this update. fix it. give me less garbage advertisements and more information. its my cellphone. i need it to work quickly and not have to shovel through ads to get to my sold page. ridiculous.
this app was the best source of info for my busines. i uninstalled then re installed it because i have to have it. i really wish there was a way to remove this update. fix it. give me less garbage advertisements and more information. its my cellphone. i need it to work quickly and not have to shovel through ads to get to my sold page. ridiculous.
this latest update makes it harder to do anything and has far more security features than necessary. if i'm logged into the app why must i now link it to my phone_ to get more ads i think...
thus really is an abysmal app.  what's with the big adverts.  trouble is once you upgrade there's no going back...oh well i need the memory so it looks like it will get uninstalled.
i am an ebay seller. yes i also buy. this app and update is completely geared toward buyers. this is not a horrible thing but it makes finding your _dashboard_ and your  items list difficult. the 1st thing you see now when opening the app is a list of _featured deals_ and ads encouraging you to _sell something so you can buy something_. _seriously ebay marketing dept_ that was the best you could do_ one star until the app becomes waaay less pushy and more seller friendly. disappointed...
was a lot better before they put ads at the start.please remove the ads as it causes phone to clash plus new update is crap why can't you leave things alone_
_psa _ don't update to version 4_   doesn't tell me at a glance what has bids or is selling _colour coding removed_. i don't need a big button pushing all the information down saying i can sell something. i know i can sell, let me check on their status. useless advert. poor navigation. information is hard to find. old app was better _ stop pushing an agenda
terrible update.  obviously designed for pad, not a phone screen. plus, it's missing the ability to check if there are new items on followed searches.  but of course, there's more featured crap _advertising_.
its nice to have a tablet based app...on my tablet_ the new version is borderline worthless on my phone... why all the advertising_ i'm already on ebay _ already have the app, i don't need anymore convincing. i would give zero stars if possible _ i see my steady history of purchases from ebay... steadily declining as ebay has now made it more difficult to use the app than to deal directly with the seller's website. no thanks bye
have to vent, even though these reviews won't make any difference to ebay.  clearly the intent was to put more ads ...etc in front of users. not sure who alpha_beta tested this version, but it didn't seem to include regular users. change is great if it improves the user experience, which in my opinion, this update does just the opposite.  and thanks for using up more of my data with all of the photos at the bottom of the activity area.
the app prior to this update was, i believe, the absolute best buying and selling experience available in our modern world. i know that sounds over the top but honestly it was flawless. i recommended this app to everyone. i do a lot of things on mobile and a lot of online shopping and this was it, the ultimate meld of simplicity and function. the desktop version of ebay was garbage by comparison. so easy to make selling ads and purchases. then this happened. this update made everything cumbersome,
also if you are a seller there's a lot of fake buyers. off to repost my ad again....
i wanted to look for vintage clothing, and when i clicked on _women's vintage finds_ the only thing that came up was designer stuff. i see how you are trying to expose your higher end items here, but i don't buy that stuff. it took forever to figure out how to get to the regular categories. and i can't figure out how to remove items from my watch list. the app was changed from simple and easy to use, to a big advertisement for crap that i don't want. why am i being forced to work hard to shop_ revert_
from the perfect implementation to one only suitable for phones with tiny screens.  way too much real estate wasted with silly big icons i'm not interested in.  navigation hard and confusing, and way too much advertising of products i'm not interested in.  this is not simplified, it's messed up.  i can't do what i want to efficiently.  bring the old version back or i'm off to aliexpress and amazon.
woeful update...only done do throw more advertising at us. i have uninstalled and installed on alder apk. cannot use the new update and refuse to update. usual 'make things worse' update from ebay.
new look yet still cant list items with varifications. please ad for 5_
ads all across the app, searches are now hidden away.. terrible user interaction _most actions are further away than the previous version_.
in a misguided effort to gain profit from ads you have made this app reach an all time suck_ it's harder to search and shop, how is that better_
have used ebay app for over three years until today. now unable to see new items in my searches and my _home_ screen is now random fashion and lifestyle advertising, even though i only ever buy photographic equipment using ebay. pity they didn't leave it alone. will be using the website and amazon much more now... p.s. it looks nothing like the screenshots shown. wtf_
up until yesterday i would have given this ap a 4 out of 5 rating...    ...until i used it to update an ad to correct a simple spelling mistake.    result_ all formatting and self_hosted inserted images disappeared from the ad_ app definitely needs a pop_up warning when attempting to update an ad using the app.
why cant i upload my profile photo _ ive looked everywhere and no option. so why show a blank space for my photo if i cant ad one that sux. my photos are on phone .
i was ordered i power bank on 31 july 2015 ad till date 24 aug i have not receive product as well as refund
really useful no ads or glitches
so you've abused people with ads so much that you got your entire image server blacklisted. now if a person is running adblocker they don't get any images on listing because you serve listing images from the same server you serve spam ads on.. not uninstalling adblocker.. uninstalling ebay.
only thing is in my notifications ebay  asks for feedback on things i have orderd before any of them even got to ship out and i cant disable my ads
ebay app is crap it wont let you list your item you are selling in the right categories. i have tried to sell cars, trailers etc and it wont let me list them under the right category makes you list them under car parts or some other category_ ebay please fix this problem so people will see my ad.
still lacking the functionality of the website. needs a lot of polishing, but okay so far. _update_ wait...wait, ebay's app is now advertising for retailers_ i don't want to see a walmart advertisement when i'm purposely shopping on ebay to avoid walmart.
very good advertising software engine_
first thing i do in the morning is check my ebay in the ebay app. now i'm getting pop up ads before and during viewing my auctions. you people take good money from me in insertion fees and final value fees. there is no reason why i should have to look at this crap_ very displeased.
i dont want to see external ads while im shopping_ i already put up with 'ebay recommends', as well as junk in my inbox, now ebay has gone money hungry, we cant shop without watching external ads to line ebay's fat pockets further. it is similar to watching commercials on qvc shopping channel_ pathetic_
malleswarao ad
cannot view pictures of any listings.  i've uninstalled and reinstalled and cleared all caches.  can't even view the mobile ebay site from chrome unless i enable the desktop version.  i have no ad blocking apps installed.
would have got 5 but some sellers are a_holes and shudnt be allowed sell there crap advertised as something its not
works great and is costing me a fortune in useless impulse buys now that i can buy marshmallow shooters from my recliner during a 20 second advertisement on tv
after starting an advertising and saving it cannot finish on pc correctly to add my hit counter and block bogus buyer's.  much better for buying than selling.   didn't have same problem with samsung galaxy s5 as i do with cheap lg.  please update this version on cheap phone_
no images on search. gs5_root_cm12 with ad block.
you can't see only your auctions, no view for unpaid items and other important actions. somewhat hard to figure out how to view item description, but they do have lovely new sponsored ads to distract customers from your items. app can mess up templates. some of the search function was handy.
third party adverts within the app.
in the middle of searching for an item,the app asked me to sign in again, and due to that,all the items i added to my watch list during said search haven't been saved so i have to search and ad all over again ,please just get the app right and when you search for an item,you can't change the category ,uninstalled so i can get an apk of an older version
i pay enough in ebay fees. why do i have put up with ads_ app should be ad free.
i really didn't like this app at all. what you want is behind multiple clicks of annoying drop_down boxes and there is no dashboard, just pages of drilling down. the item description is hidden from view by default requiring a tap every time, there are no common app settings and the photo viewer us utterly horrid, scrolling has so much smoothing and  bounce effect that it's nauseating to use.  then we get to the ads. a garish banner on the front page, sponsored link gallery as a focus on all the pages and us
it would be nice if you would fix the issue where posting pictures erases everything else in the ad, other pictures, description, shipping. everything. this is not a new issue and other people are having the same problem so why isn't it getting fixed_
it doesnt let me upload images it ha's been an awhile ..and no... i dont have any blocking ads software installed
dosent support multiple photos upload everytime asks for gallery selection for every photo. dosent even post the ad... pops some pay method everytime and gives errors
changes are supposed to be for the better_  i don't want it to be decided for me which items to show and which to not_  also, i don't like looking at advertisements_
i tried to sell three items, and they absolutely know nothing of value, and they show your listing at the last second where you could not sale. sorry, i stand what i say, but that's a little sorry. especially the same for the main website. thinking about deleting my account. hope this give people a second thought, but after trying to sell during 6_7 months, and get nothing, and they claim your item right after what they offer_ that's false advertisement. not to mention they never send you any word.
ebay.... please sort out the glitch thats stopping me uploading pictures to sell items_ every picture uploaded saves as a new draft_ ie...1 item to sell , upload 5 photos and you have 5 adverts_    its getting very tedious as i have lots to sell _ ive been selling this way for years but its all gone wrong_
i have been cheated out of my money,by aimz4001 _602_ he is advertising bulk things and wholesale. but after bidding,he took my money,did not send us the goods. and called me insulting names_
trying to post items and taking pics. once you take a picture to load it erases what did load. and then that ad moves to saved ads. this really sucks. you charge me enough to post and sell. maybe you pay me for my time to post.
avoid_ according to lookout labs and trust go it makes use of the admob advertisement library_  it collects your devices unique android id and its location _such as gps coordinates, cell tower location_ and sends them to a third party such as an advertisement agency or other organization. it might also be used to show you in_app ads. it may generate money for the creator of the app but is a threat to your privacy. avoid if possible_
avoid_ according to lookout labs and trust go it makes use of the admob advertisement library_  it collects your devices unique android id and its location _such as gps coordinates, cell tower location_ and sends them to a third party such as an advertisement agency or other organization. it might also be used to show you in_app ads. it may generate money for the creator of the app but is a threat to your privacy. avoid if possible_
better thn comuter version, no constant pop up ads..._
cant return on app or mobile site. used _classic version_ and was unable to return on phone. also seller can sell items not functional, as long as they word the ad carefully. do not use ebay_
also if you are a seller there's a lot of fake buyers. off to repost my ad again....
99.98_ of all adds are retail, searched mercedes in australia, over 500,000 listings but only 150 from a population of 25 million were private ads..change your name to yellow pages, your private customers are long gone
the app is handy for alerts and browsing_ however, finding product details is challenging. worse, there were issues reading messages in the app. after requesting information from a seller, i went to my email and found they had sent it, but i couldn't see it in the app. it's bad enough the website is more ads than information. it was silly of me to hope for better from the app.
the app is shocking can search anything but if wanting to click on the advert it dont work, many people are gonna get less bids
1 of 20 advert has a picture the rest of them nothing, thank to the nice update
only issue i have is trying to print postage labels. ive lost money trying to print them ad it won't work. i have to put free postage and add the cost to my item. ebay wasn't able to help me sort this out unfortunately. other than that love the app. simple to use_
dud to a server error.  i have no ad blocking software installed.  i'll happily review my rating after this is fixed.
very good... no ads that i like_
the latest update makes you have to scroll down the search pages down more because ebay increased the size of the listing's pictures_ awful. they think i am a 70 year old or something with bad vision.....also note_ they put freaking ads for other websites everywhere_ i need to find a way now to use ad blocker for this app.  update 6_14_15_ also ebay no longer asks for your paypal password. i just bought something without being asked for my password_
the latest update makes you have to scroll down the search pages down more because ebay increased the size of the listing's pictures_ awful. they think i am a 70 year old or something with bad vision.....also note_ they put freaking ads for other websites everywhere_ i need to find a way now to use ad blocker for this app.
app is not even material design, ugly gray_white ui. can't even disable notification vibration without revoking vibrator permission. don't get me started on global ship program and gaypal. greedbay charges its users a fortune yet won't spend a dime to improve the user experience, especially the recent web redesign that removed tons of features. i pay over 1000_ in feebay fees yearly but greedbay still plasters ads everywhere. as of a recent update, the messages interface is completely broken. what a joke.
so easy . also if you use ur pc but only have pictures on your phone ebay will send u a link on your handset and u can upload direct to your ad well done ebay good job
it works as advertised.
call this an _update_ features missing and a completely impenetrable interface, annoying adverts, usability near zero.
you can no longer upload multiple photos to an ad before listing_ you must use one photo, upload then edit after.  fix it.
i can't add more than one photograph to an advert which is very frustrating. when adding a second photo, it simply overwrites the first one, and so on.
get rid of the sponsored ads
it askes for location service each time i open it. that is pathetic. i don't want ebay to know my location. it can't set search preference. i don't want _best_ match. it is useless and likely with advertisment.
rsgards  to ads for androids w ad for apps  for android phones.
i would rate it at 4 stars at least if i were able to see how many page views my ads receive.
it's improving. if you're a seller, depending on your level of involvement, this is really useful. for a beginning seller, it is a great tool to stay connected _ respond quickly to customers. it is also great for beginners to post ads quickly. the shopping convenience is nice, too.
when i looked at an offer to top of the list_ total annoying _ moreover, it can be seen on the inserted and sent pictures next to nothing, if you try to see details_ now you can also create a more ad because i supposedly no power have, over find other offers with no problems_ help does not work_ shit app, could spin _
have used the app on my smart phone to sell, its so easy and straight forward, take your pictures, upload, ad info for item in stages, submit and your selling, great_ also so good for when your on the move, i can't explain in words how good the app is so try it, you will use it all the time 
the app is very handy and can be excellently for faster editing my ads to ebay on the desktop_ i do not want to miss this app_ it could still be offered an option to send and print shipping documents from your smartphone.
reviews can only be about errinerung. seller can not. but fewer and fewer functions advertising increasingly.
still lacking the functionality of the website. needs a lot of polishing, but okay so far. _update_ wait...wait, ebay's app is now advertising for retailers_ i don't want to see a walmart advertisement when i'm purposely shopping on ebay to avoid walmart.
unable to opt out of adverts.
first of all, seriously ebay_ how dare you include ads to 3rd party websites_ as a seller, i am absolutely appalled at this_ i pay you good money to use your site. you have no right advertising 3rd party sites to my prospective buyers on my auctions_ i see a class action suit brewing here... secondly, i've had glitches on this app that caused payment problems. lastly, it's ridiculous that i can not post a vehicle for sale through this. it needs to be made full service. mobile is the future and present_
first of all, seriously ebay_ how dare you include ads to 3rd party websites_ as a seller, i am absolutely appalled at this_ i pay you good money to use your site. you have no right advertising 3rd party sites to my prospective buyers on my auctions_ i see a class action suit brewing here... secondly, i've had glitches on this app that caused payment problems. lastly, it's ridiculous that i can not post a vehicle for sale through this. it needs to be made full service. mobile is the future and present_
app stops every time i try to get tracking history. also when watching items from usa the postage price displayed in your watch list is totally wrong. the price displayed is way way less than that shown in the advert. be careful folks you might get a shock at the checkout....
the advertising isn't intrusive but it is definitely adult themed. just deleted this from my family tablet computer because of the extremely graphic and rude picture advertising. and we had opted out of advertising too. happy to support the fact that apps have to be paid for somehow and advertising is key. that is okay. i would gladly pay for this app sans ads. but half naked men and women_ really_ unnecessary and now uninstalled from the device.
the advertising isn't intrusive but it is definitely adult themed. just deleted this from my family tablet computer because of the extremely graphic and rude picture advertising. and we had opted out of advertising too. happy to support the fact that apps have to be paid for somehow and advertising is key. that is okay. i would gladly pay for this app sans ads. but half naked men and women_ really_ unnecessary and now uninstalled from the device.
from these past 6 years of ebay experience, i have seen ebay is not taking any responsibility, if any seller don't send the item. after so many complaints and calls, they never ever given the amount. 4 times ebay stolen the items. 80_ of the sellers sending thru dtdc courier, which is one of the stealing courier company always steal our parcels. ebay never take any responsibility of the missing items. i have wasted almost 1400 rs from ebay. please please don't believe the discount ads and don't purchase.
hated it at 1st..now iam loving it. much faster to list items. i went from about 20 mins an ad to bulid an list to just minutes to do the same ads. a bit hard to navigate. _.still looking for closed listings link.
this update is garbage. the last update when i hit the refine button and put lowest price _ shipping, i got exactly that in order. now one low then one high, why even give me the option if i cant get what i'm asking for_  next they removed the one feature i miss the most. while in a sellers ad and i want to check for like items and prices, ebay removed that function also_ the damned internet sight is easier to use then the ebay app and don't use up my memory_ so, ill stay another month, if there isn't an update by then. ill just use the internet version instead because this app sucks_
hab updated now is fully bombard. now i can not advertise a vehicle worse
globe mobile_swing, pay per view advertising when unlocking the screen _aqwaangel enter in the first line at registration_
earn lying on the couch_ drill application globe mobile phone or pc_ when registration is required to write priglasivshego_ privet84 login thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. money is actually displayed_ the app is great _
ad title says. i love the app but i cannot view the status of a purchase i made with global tracking. it just opens the tracking number in google whereas on the pc it displays the info directly on the ebay page. please fix
ebay developers remove ads_ and then you do not understand where the review of the application, some solid advertising from rabid visitors. the app is super, but extraneous advertising in a review just infuriates_
useful applications _ globe mobile. enter your username, _bsoftm_ when registering_ tab you who called, register here, this nickname. _bsoftm_ especially do anything and do not need, just you on your smartphone or on your computer will be coming advertising banner that appears at the screen and everything, it can not even look you turn _ the money credited to check_ create the partners that would make bolshe.p.s. login without entering a person who invited you to create does not work, alas
want to earn lying on the couch_ annex shakes globe on mobile phone or tablet computer_ registration must write login join the priglasivshego_ privet84 my team and get a bonus in the euro currency. start earning money with me, simply by reading or closing the advertisement which come to your phone or pc. annex just super _
useful applications _ globe mobile. enter your username, _bsoftm_ when registering_ tab you who called, register here, this nickname. _bsoftm_ especially do anything and do not need, just you on your smartphone or on your computer will be coming advertising banner that appears at the screen and everything, it can not even look you turn _ the money credited to check_ create the partners that would make bolshe.p.s. login without entering a person who invited you to create does not work, alas
want to earn lying on the couch_ annex shakes globe on mobile phone or tablet computer_ registration must write login join the priglasivshego_ privet84 my team and get a bonus in the euro currency. start earning money with me, simply by reading or closing the advertisement which come to your phone or pc. annex just super _
want to earn lying on the couch_ annex shakes globe on mobile phone or tablet computer_ registration must write login priglasivshego_ privet84 comes into my team and receive a bonus of evra currency. start earning money with me, simply by reading or closing the advertisement which come to your phone or pc. annex just super _
want to earn lying on the couch_ annex shakes globe on mobile phone or tablet computer_ registration must write login priglasivshego_ privet84 comes into my team and receive a bonus of evra currency. start earning money with me, simply by reading or closing the advertisement which come to your phone or pc. annex just super _
i recommend to download mobile globe and registration indicate invited elena0806, and with the bonus code advertapp 4x2tu appcoins and with the bonus code sdtc and apptrack c w51538 bonus code. the best applications for earnings.
can't leave feedback for buyers now, it just keeps taking me to my sold ad _or taking me to leave feedback for myself which errors_. and also, can't check tracking on bought items because it goes straight to the ad i bought it from. why did this change_
there superzarabotok, globe mobile without attachments for viewing of advertising images, get paid evro.mozhno transfer into your account banka.prilozhenie card works in the background on your phone, tablet, kompyutere.odin like your account and do not need anything popolnilsya.delat .vvodite name alik invited without it zapustite.stroyte your income as you like, no heads and other zamorochek.udachi my data inside, write help sovetom.alik _alex_
earn lying on the couch_ drill application globe mobile phone or pc_ when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. the app is great _
works well enough until i tap _messages_ or _reminders_. tapping either of those options results in the app loading those pages with a dialog box saying _ there was an internal error. try restarting the app_ tapping _ok_ just makes it reappear ad nauseum for eternity. tried restarting the app, the phone, nothing changes.
want to earn without doing anything, download the app globe mobile _ when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ kot2910 and get bonus currency evra. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlock, or swing on a computer where the cup advertising goes.
my own ad tells me i can make another offer myself. does not let you edit or delete the ad. solve it please.
ad turkish pls..
earn lying on the couch_ drill application globe mobile phone or pc_ when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. the app is great _
want to earn without doing anything, download the app globe mobile _ when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ kot2910 and get bonus currency evra. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlock, or swing on a computer where the cup advertising goes.
want to earn without doing anything, download the app globe mobile _ when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ kot2910 and get bonus currency evra. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlock, or swing on a computer where the cup advertising goes.
very convenient, just can not add an advertisement for the sale, apparently there is no such function_
on various websites advertise aliexptes this stuff is no other currency except dollars.
register at globe mobile and earn money evro.pri registration prefilled invited ed0905.vs_ running in the background rezhime.svoih not invest money nado.horoshaya increase to the salary and pensii.eto just best place to advertise.
some glad that i do not have to select the next page, although it had been nice to whites how many ads you have seen through.
people who want an extra penny, download globus application, be registered in the column invited specify my nickname walle, do not do anything more than you need, the money was dropped for advertising in the background _removed the block on the phone was 0.020 _ and i for bonuses folk_ _
advertisement
advertisement
earn lying on the couch_ drill application globe mobile phone or pc_ when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. the app is great _
earn lying on the couch_ drill application globe mobile phone or pc_ when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. the app is great _
i find that free photo ads are put etc, direct competitors are doing well.
now it is as it should be. so ebay is fun. only sometimes my own advertising _suits them_ displayed incorrectly.
useful applications _ globe mobile. enter your username, _buxlo_ when registering_ tab you who called, register here, this nickname. _buxlo_ especially do anything and do not need, just you on your smartphone or on your computer will be coming advertising banner that appears at the screen and everything, it can not even look you turn _ the money credited to check_ create the partners that would make bolshe.p.s. login without entering a person who invited you to create does not work, alas.
dear ebay, do you not get enough of our money_ do you not make enough on the sales commission of items listed and sold_ you are making enough_ why so do you have ads in my app_ c'mon ebay_
i do not just have slov.eto perversion of polzovatelyami.luchshe annex they have done well as their advertising _ even one star is too much.
globe mobile app, where you can make money, and in evro..prosto see ad .. register under me mencha
the day ebay have ads it will be the day it became lame
i only use it to put ads. otherwise i can not judge.
as sdes razmischat ad
there is a great app _globe mobile_. you look unobtrusive advertisements that appear when unlocking the screen, you put like and get the coin. currency in eur_ during registration enter the login invited _serg8108_ and start earning immediately. good luck_
i which  that the ad to cart funksjon  could  work like on the pc
download globe mobile and earn money for viewing ads without investment and effort. when logging in my nickname sos88 and get a first euro
just missing one thing to be full this app. and what it has not gente da option advertise what did we sell only on site.
overall pretty good .. you can be aware of your sales and manage ads, but occasionally you pyre a little ...
the app is excellent. more all advise advertapp, in this application, the money paid every den.pri registration write code inviting _2a5mm_ and has already received the first money today. i've already paid 500 rubles a day giving 15 minutes of your time.
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive ads that appear when you unlock the screen, becoming the like and get more money_ currency in euros_ when become lead _olegon74_ and start earning_
there simply is no such line to submit advertisement
globus mobile application making a great advertising_ when you sign up enter a nickname crash888 just laykayte or block ads when you unlock the screen and all _
globus mobile application making a great advertising_ when you sign up enter a nickname crash888 just laykayte or block ads when you unlock the screen and all _
best earnings on android _globe_mobile_, and most importantly no need to install nothing, input invitation code _a24_ and start earning_ just look at the ads nenavyazchivayu razblokirovki click on the cross and all_ pay in euros_ output for webmoney and paypal_
cool app, and even advertapp have just fucking .. download constitute 5w9xq promotion code and free all earn real money .. try .. thank me yet
fees are expensive things for example things you put in take time to go on then people don't look at your ads and your wasting money_
i use this app alot to post ads and buy. works great for posting...actually is faster than using my pc...would recommend
i've probably spent more than a grand from multiple items using this app. but one thing i can't figure out.....where is the shopping cart_ the advertised pictures have them but mine does not. does the mobile device matter_  it's a samsung s3. googled this matter and apparently,  ebay had an update including the shopping cart for android. isn't my phone running on android_
app is working much better than before. my only problem now is that the shipping price always goes up when you click on the ad to look closer. sometimes it will be as much as triple what the ad says before you click on it. doesn't do this on computer, only on phone. wondering how much i was over charged for shipping before i noticed this_
excellent. insentar very easy to sell ads. material design and ..._ please
place the globe mobile and earn from ads that look that can be closed, no money vlazhivat not you just write when registering that you invited limo and at the expense of the euro can be displayed_
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive ads that appear when you unlock the screen, becoming the like and get more money_ currency in euros_ when become lead _olegon74_ and start earning_
would like to be able to advertise cars through this app
globe_mobile _ excellent application to run on the internet. earnings based on the husky advertisements or click on a link. payments are made in euros, at current exchange rate is very good. must have money you can to webmoney and paypal. when you register in the _who invited you_ enter_ cadmus without filling in this field can not register. all good earnings_
ebay already gets enough money from ads, i don't see why we have to be taxed too_
globe_mobile _ excellent application to run on the internet. earnings based on the husky advertisements or click on a link. payments are made in euros, at current exchange rate is very good. must have money you can to webmoney and paypal. when you register in the _who invited you_ enter_ cadmus without filling in this field can not register. all good earnings.
constant problems with lost network connection, error uploading photo etc. 'new' layout is shocking_ total mess, difficult to read and confusing. what were you guys thinking about _ developers out on the jolly with all those profits_ _update_ now getting 'sorry item can't be displayed' _ well duck you ebay sort this sh_t out you bunch of amateur's. _update 8april_ now laggy as anything but still get pestering emails telling you why they remove your ads
earn to mobile _ it's easy_ download application advertapp vod code _0v1il_ and earn denyak_
i did not find the ad in the right city to me, looking in general at rosii only.
all ads without photos, their program simply does not show
globe_mobile _ excellent application to run on the internet. earnings based on the husky advertisements or click on a link. payments are made in euros, at current exchange rate is very good. must have money you can to webmoney and paypal. when you register in the _who invited you_ enter_ cadmus without filling in this field can not register. all good earnings.
great app and easy to use but needs to allow sale of vehicles to be done from app. also, unable to make offers on classified ads... sort it out and you'll get 5 stars from me_
advertapp application. 3a2kv code at the entrance. all russian and easy withdrawals. and apptrack application code w1738.
super app, advertise easy
i love it it's great and user friendly no ads that give you a headache
latest update has fixed issues with lost connection and telling me i wasn't connected to the internet. however latest issue seems quite buggy and slow. i often get ebay not responding notices if i have been scrolling for a while. ads seem to take 5_6 seconds to load up and another few seconds to load photos. i've noticed when i went to bid a few times i had at least 15 seconds left before auction ended however this unfortunately is not always enough time for app to respond and i've list out on items.
what is this that here advertising appears when opening. did it really so necessary _ just still poor
advertising in the overview ... geht's noch_
pretended relics found ads for this app too should install using piston can try delicious k or not anymore
advertapp application. 3a2kv code at the entrance. all russian and easy withdrawals. and apptrack application code w1738.
i like having the ability to post ads as well as shop. posting from my lg g3 is actually easier than from my computer because i don't have to transfer pictures to the computer.
install a globe in the first line, type lisaa and zarobatyvay simply browsing advertising.
earnings in euro _ subscribe to globe mobile. join ovc2005.nichego team deal_ just close the advertising window on your phone or pc. during registration enter ovc2005 name. the best and easiest earnings _
there is an application where you can earn and still. globe mobile, laykaesh advertising and all, and _ drip. i invite you, my nickname kris82s, are included in the registration
actually a super app_ friendly and concise. but since 2_3 days no longer agree the ad and alerts. messages are not displayed, notifications that are already expired not disappear. and you get important notify z. b. that outbid at all. pity_ in this state, i can unfortunately only 2 _. if everything is functioning normally again, i like to give back 5 _
globe mobile is a working application for making money, earning almost do not need anything, but when in the registration inviting you to enter kapustin and after registration to look unobtrusive advertising, everything else the program does for you in the background, the main thing is to enter the registration kapustin
there is a cool application globe mob kotormo not difficult zarobotat without investment just browse the ads and you get paid for it all i advise my nickname wecost34 write it when registering to start earning_
i do not show pictures of the ads. please help.
add a button to deliver ads
says no network connection when there clearly is and has also started with the adverts which are annoying
hello_ there is a good app globe_mobile for earnings from advertising in android and pc. during registration enter the code_ cadmus and start to slowly earn money _
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive ads that appear when you unlock the screen, becoming the like and get more money_ currency in euros_ during registration enter_ antonov13 and start earning_
do not know why not leave me the photos of the ads, i thought it was my internet problem, but nothing with wifi appear in another mobile probe and the same goes.
can be very slow. just spent a while trying to set up an ad to sell my car and it turns out that i can't. serious negative points for this.
the class of the program_ and for those who want to earn viewing advertisements from your phone, i recommend skachyat with market_ globe_mobile and sign up on the invitation_ zlat888 going strong team with earnings of up to 82 euros per day_ join us and invite your friends_
excellent app. for its members want to offer a small but stable earnings with advertapp application, check use code 6d1fw invitation immediately come 3rublya bonus. the essence of the earnings in order to download games and applications from the play market through advertapp and get paid for it. gaining our team more and more people will pay uvelichivatsya.udachi_
can not create an ad much problem and error
it is very effective and convenient both to find something to sell and buy. place an ad is super comfortable. it should only be improved in some advanced sales and management of cases of default.
i ordered an expensive product, not received, asked the ebay intervention to get my money back and _gasp_ in addition to not receiving was also accused of having not received for not wanting to pay tax. buy a product of more than 700.00, i received a tracking code that does not exist, not received the product yet been called dishonest_ do not buy anything_ the ebay if do to brazil out of living valley misleading advertising _guaranteed delivery_.
you need upgrade it that everybody can add classified ads like cars etc not only via computer .
have the ebay app now up about 4 years. always finished top and many purchases it. unfortunately, since the last update is always the ad _no network connection_ and various articles are no longer available. so here's action, since all other functions of the smartphone can be used without restriction and appears full reception. so please check and then there are again full marks.
it's keep loosing conection, most of the ads you cant even open, that's a first time when i have sutch a big problem with ebay on my phone, not recomended at all
advertising in the overview ... geht's noch_
since the update, you can not drive more ads _ please fix them quickly _ the old version i personally also like better_ ongoing crash _
first class online shopping with ebay advertises no longer possible with the current update ....
very convenient. via the mobile ads are identical and much faster to do
turn, buy and browse ads cuts well
so far, a great app. since the update i have advertising on the front page. find it very disturbing. therefore only 2 stars.
advertapp _ download applications get the money into the account, the account will get 3rub entering code priglosivshego 2v7fk
connection problems,  won't open the majority of motors ads either. that 80_ of the functionality for me,  gone_
genuinely doesn't work on the nexus 5. missing ads, the ads it does load i can't get in to see. keeps complaining about network issues. support are most unhelpful.
no advertising, like everything, but agree, the choice of the countries is good to
she beug too i can not respond quickly to the messages or change ads
says no connection since last update. going to advertise on gumtree now. at least it works.
_network problem_ in updating the research and me filing ad
do not download this canoe, advertising, spam and the trek .... programmavirus. _
same network connection error ad everyone else.
nothing to say _ nb_ _ lack some functionality to the description of the ad seller compared to the pc version site.
since the last update i get the error message malnchmal no network available or unfortunately the ad can not be angzeigt. please fix, because nothing can be bought ... phone_ htc one m7
have the app grade times 2 minutes and the functions that i need not go 1. article mark paid 2. copy text _for example, banking data_ is not possible. app crashes. only use this app the notification is required when soon ending. advantage less advertising as on the website. i bet these errors eh never fixed, hope my review comes first so that everyone can read it_
since the update of today, the app constantly brings the message that no internet connection is more. please as soon as possible beheben.werden updates not previously tested ..... reinbauen mainly advertising that is most important _
app is not even material design. can't even disable notification vibration without revoking vibrator permission. don't get me started on global ship program and gaypal. greedbay charges its users a fortune yet won't spend a dime to improve the user experience, especially the recent web redesign that removed tons of features. i pay over 1000_ in feebay fees yearly but greedbay still plasters ads everywhere.
please create an option to only view ads that will post, so annoying having to scroll through hundreds of 'pick up only' ads.  other than that the app is great_                 reply. hi it's in all the categories, the only option is to select free postage not just will post, also a socket type option on the motherboard category would be nice
until now, i can not say anything stupid running everything smoothly advertise sales supper easy
we need this app, it's priceless for notifications, we know the minute we hear from a customer. we rated it low for 1 reason, they want way to much access to our phones. we rate the app as 3 otherwise.  because we cannot post new ads with our tablets. the classic site does not work with mobile correctly and this app is full of bugs for 100_ of what we need to do with our store. please please fix these issues.
very limited access when listing ads on ebay.....can't make simple changes etc...needs upgrading_
applications super well made, no complaints. notifications very pleasant. ebay everywhere with you, what is still a pc_ maybe just to create the ads, but for everything else really good, i recommend _
guys application _globe mobile_ pay in euros per view advertising_ i advise everyone. when registering enter my nickname _neryn_ necessary. plus you are enrolled in my team and will zarobatyvat more_
i can not put items on sale_ how to advertise_
it takes too long to post an ad and when you are finally done, it stops. stupid_
great app but some reason you need to do cars through computer doesn't allow you to advertise through the android app
can not display photos ads whatsoever on smartphone or tablet _nexus 5 and nexus 9_ ... quick, a maj_
there remain several features not available via the app_ payment by check, the creation of global invoice, etc ad download dune damage photos because obviously the app disservice to not miss the auction _alerts_ and go faster in particular when the creations ads_ note_ qqes s problem of synchronization between the app and the website _
every time i try _ ad a photo from my samsung s4 when creating a listing it closes. it's very frustrating_ _
the ads pictures are not displayed. as much order by phone ....
billed anyway when item didn't sell. false advertising.
there's no clutter, no ads, no pop_ups that redirect you. solid app. navigating is simple and buying is even more simple
the new pop up ads are super annoying thinking of getting rid of app because of it
i think this app is very user friendly. wish they also provide some special discounts for mobile users... to advertise and encourage customers...
had to delete app because it thinks it has the right to place ads on the videos u take when u pause them very cheeky
generally good but can't view the advertised pictures in either main seller's page or attached picture_album...
i just installed the app..but the ads have no images ..just white thumbnails..they just dont load at all.and its quite hard to use the app sithour seeing any actual photos of the products.i hope you guys fixit asap.
can not even place ads in the app. . shit app
brilliant application. it would be nice if an option become available so in one click you could see all product from all categories ending this way it will attrac more to bid. also if an option for ebay motors as when i search for cars it come up with all toys not a real car.a must have application for all. change of font colour for ad details in mobile version will help see it better.
not great. one of the annoying features is you have to manually switch to 'uk only'when shopping. the amount of times i've had to wait ages for a delivery because an order comes from china despite being advertised on ebay.co.uk. lots of features missing too... annoying
can't send a link of the ad into a email or message
i would like to be able to report an advert that i dont think is legit or not properly described _ _ also i'd really like to be able to organise my watch list _a_z, price, distance etc...maybe have different folders for sub titles _ thanks
i can't add advertising by this application. it's says download the app wtf
although i would like to be able to report an advert that i dont think is legit or properly described _ _
they always send emails that say today only free shipping then you buy an item and you still get shipping charges if you call ebay they say contact the seller and say i didnt know i would be charged shipping but why contact them when ebay sends the emails not them after 10 minutes of this argument on the phone with ebay eventually they just all started laughing and no one would talk after that it was obvious i was put on hold false advertisement at its finest_
notification function doesn't work anymore.  it used to be that one can select a notication timeframe such as _5 minutes before auction ends_ then an audible alert will sound on.  now both features do not work at all. if you can't have it working, what's the point of advertising the feature_
i shop ebay quite a bit using an android. this update has been a l_o_n_g time coming. it is nice to now check neg_neu feedback. still room for improvement. search automatically reverts to best match. when i want to do a search, the previous search doesn't highlight. this is the only app that requires me to backspace before entering a fresh search. but the sponsored ads....now that's a real plus and makes it load so much faster....not_ keep working_eventually you'll get there.
images stopped appearing in most ads.
i can do everything with this app except shipping lables. idea_ add ability to add a seller note without reopening add.. both private seller note and ability to make public on ad. example_ private_  _this one needs a big box.. dont forget.._ or public_ _last chance_ will not be relisting_.
it's advertised that your able to sell your stuff on ebay with this app, but this is not the case_ no selling options_
once you get to know it... its very addictive. its got its cons tho, but overall its great_ happy shopping_ _  since the latest update, when you go into an ad and come back out, you start right back at the beginning of the list everytime_ so annoying, and waste of time, so if you scroll for 5 min and click in and out of an ad...  you start at the beginning again and waste 5 min of searching. please fix this, barely go on here now cause of this. thank you.
why are there sponsor ads in the apps, ebay doesn't get enough money from their auctions.
not great. one of the annoying features is you have to manually switch to uk only when shopping. the amount of times i've had to wait because an order comes from china despite being advertised on ebay.co.uk. lots of features missing too... annoying
this version has ads, not happy_
unable to open case. unable to relist once ebay end listings for pathetic reasons. unable to report listings for doing the same things that your ads were ended for. every time you put a listing on, the ad duration is hidden so you always forget and list for wrong time. cant cancel a bid. cant always upload photos even if theyre off a 15mp camera and when they do upload they look absolutely rubbish and blurry. when i upload same pic to insta or fb they look perfect. some ppl dont have computers u idiots
everything is from china....not one thing was as advertised but they do this knowing it costs too much to return and you're stuck with the piece of crap_  good luck getting results from ebay_  you have to fight to get anything back_  not worth it do not use this app or ebay for that matter
a sensible app that is very easy to navigate around and not flooded with adverts. easy to set up for personal preferences too.
closed out my store and will use amazon from now on because this app no longer works with ad blockers.
i really liked this app a while back.  i am using an android 4.1 tablet.                     it would be nice to be able to check negative feedback. some is undeserved which makes the percentage meaningless.                and now there is no shopping cart_ is this your way of fixing the multiple item purchase problem_ but the sponsored ads....now that's a real plus and makes it load so much faster....not_
i checked my active listings, _ it doesn't specify whether it's an auction_buy it now_fixed price listing. why_ are buyers going to look _ the listings, _ wait 12 _or whatever_ days for an auction to end, because they don't realize they can _buy it now_ no_ they're going to search,watch,bid on one they know is ending sooner_ this app is a constant source of amazing disappointment. is there ever going to be a real fix for valid concerns or just occassional annoying tweeks_ the paid ad _ goes where_ to what_
adfree was preventing thumbnails and item images from displaying. i disabled it and this app is working fine. hopefully i can find another way to block ads and have this operate properly.
not sure why this app has ads.
great app makes life a lot easier.just advertise it more inorder to attract clients.
the one stop. . the may have a great way for a couple. . the may have a great way for a couple. . the may have a great time to get a free google technology. this may not be found on the phone. it has a lot of time, the first time in t the same. we are currently no adverts 5te, and a half. .
i determined that ebay began processing listing images through one_or_more ad servers. adjust your ad blocking settings to white list these servers to fix the problem. thanks for nothing ebay.
the only thing letting this app down is the fact that you cannot use the best offer on cars advertised as buy it now or best offer.
first off, ads_ why do i need to see ads when i use an app to help you guys make more money_ and this is completely ignoring the fact that a _1 item and a _1000 item have different fees even though i do all the work and has the same server toll. multitasking when i am in the middle of responding to a message makes it disappear. a lot of duplicate notifications. basically, a bugfest_
a seller i used recently advertised signature required postage but sent it without this and i never received any of the three items. ebay still allows this seller to advertise fraudlently. paypal is just as bad.  the seller is  hitechproduct who sell cb radios
app is not even material design. can't even disable notification vibration without revoking vibrator permission. don't get me started on global ship program and gaypal. greedbay charges its users a fortune yet won't spend a dime to improve the user experience, especially the recent web redesign that removed tons of features. i pay over 1000_ in feebay fees yearly but greedbay still plasters ads everywhere.
works just fine n i give 5 stars because there is no ads on the app....
now i have sponsored advertisements thats just chewing up my data loading it all. even with _opt out_ option they tell you you'll still get them but just not for your needs. rubbish ads. ebay makes more money while we get charged more.
now i have sponsored advertisements thats just chewing up my data loading it all. even with _opt out_ option they tell you you'll still get them but just not for your needs. rubbish ads. ebay makes more money while we get charged more.
you can't fully run your account on it. you still have to fall back to the pc  for many things. ideal listing tool as you can take pic's straight into ad.
some bits don't work...some changes are slow too show after items are revised...changes on pc instant nearly been sometimes even old pixa show on app even after deleted for weeks very annoying if that's what people see as advert
i use ebay deals often and it fails to load waoting for the f_ ad to load....b.s.
why add ads on the ebay app_  the apps just ruin the the app and cause it to crash.  get rid off the adds please.
i have an account for a while now...but just getting around to buy. i love it...and with paypal...well its all good. please no more ads please. just a suggestion.
ad title says. i love the app but i cannot view the status of a purchase i made with global tracking. it just opens the tracking number in google whereas on the pc it displays the info directly on the ebay page. please fix
ebay is the really best app we can purchase all type of items from ebay the big different between other online shopping sites they don't have all type of item like they promoting only cheap mobiles from china but ebay is only selling indian products to indian customers this is the fact. and the another super thing is products from u.s. ebay shipping all type of items from u.s. the items are not overpriced our rupee is getting week. thank you ebay please advertise ebay on tv channels soon
this is an awsome and convenient tool for me as a seller on ebay. quick access to my basic everyday needs to monitor and create ads easily. thanks ebay ,yay_
good,not as in depth ad the regular but easy to use
the ebay user experience is getting worse with every update. i recently tried buying a common item and selected to look within a 10 mile radius. the first item in the list was over 300 miles away. how is that within a 10 mile radius_ my mrs tried advertising goods and found it extremely difficult to remove international buyers, yet she had selected the boxes to post to uk destinations only but the advert still had postage to international destinatinations within the advert itself. absoloute joke_
it works just as advertised very user friendly.
stop spamming me with ads like capital one credit cards for example. i'm simply not interested
please create an option to only view ads that will post, so annoying having to scroll through hundreds of 'pick up only' ads.  other than that the app is great_
great and easy to use. easy to up load pics to your advert.
it will let me write what to search for, but it won't let me enter it and actually search for it. so it's currently a pointless app because all i can do is look at pre picked items that are being advertised by the site.
warning_ do not buy stuff that looks to good to be true...i bought a kids playset _lego_ for my youngest son and when it arrived the box was different than advertised and inside was a block of wood instead of lego stuff...pah i lost _21 on an item that was a complete con so beware.
my feed is completely unnecessary clutter. the advertisements are annoying
it's good_ it's a simple form of ebay and just has the important tabs rather than a lot of advertisements and rubbish you don't want to buy. only thing is you have to go on a computer or another device if you want to contact ebay or make a request or complaint. but it's fab it's quick and easy to use_
new feature_ a geico ad on the homescreen_ maybe we'll get a working app now that there's someone paying to develope it. i have 61, yes 61 _reminders_ i have no way of getting rid of. no check boxes to check, no menu drop down to delete, can't swipe...just 61 reminders that don't look like they'll ever go away. i have to set my phones alarm for the ending of every item i'm watching. 3 stooges bipolar app award winner.
today i noticed ads in the app... i mean seriously ebay_ aren't yall make enough money from all the fees_ take them off immediately_
get annoying ads which suggests i cant get credit, quite illegal and libellous methinks
convenient but glitchy and full of bugs despite every _bug fix_ update.                            also not happy about the addition of banner ads.
i would like to be able to advertise my car through the app
used to love this app but the new update ruined it. 11_7_14 well you topped the last issue by doing this advertisement stuff full force. uninstalling now.
cool ad
make it so when refining your searches on the app you can select the classified ads format like you can on a pc_
when i search for items and then find one of my listings and then go to edit, it shows me the last one i sold, if i have sold one recently, this is not what i'm looking for i am needing to edit my ad after the search and they won't let me edit it because it brings up a sale of the item rather than the listing. also need similar items option available on mine or other listings.
can u add back a lot of things like share ad etc. it closes a lot more.before the update the old way was  better if it wasn't broken y mess with it . very limited now
to start with i think this is a franchise model.  the modus operandi of this company is to take money from their customers online there and then take a month for the product, like in my case. so basically they are  hedgeing our funds and are makeing a monthly interest profit of around 3.5_  to 4_ on a huge pile of around 50cr turnover now after this who would not sell for less and kill small traders for all coz u know once small traders are dead_thrashed to peices they can have monopoly and push stuff down your throat with whatever advertised price _ quility _ dream make in india _  but they will push chinese for cheaper margins_  now the flipnside the funny part is these guys buy stuff from the local retailers and promise to pay after 45 days so the total average margin money they have is for round 65 days 50th turnover a month ....all u need for this modus operandi _ set up _ business is deep pockets or should i say deeep pockets ......                                                                  they call themselves ebay                         or east india company _                             or  kya_bayy _ phrase used once your money is stolen_ naresh.bahukhandi_gmail
good app just to meny ads..please fix it
it's not showing the location where the ad is at_ please update
it works as advertised. not bad to have notifications and selling in the palm of your hands.
why when i updated this app i can't share my auctions anymore. i used to be able to do that now i can't and it's costing me to lose money because that's how i advertise.
this app is just perfect for my ebay ads and its notifications, very handy . thanks ebay keep up the good work _
only one ad in a mystery to me
just a pity that you can not share your ads with the latest update
ebay app is crap it wont let you list your item in the right categories, i have tried to sell cars, trailers etc and it wont let me list it under the right category. ebay please fix this problem so people will see my ad.
what the heck_ cant look at any ads. way to generate business ebay_
lots of missing stuff compared to desktop_ annoying, can't deal with classified ads at all_ you can't ebay solely with this
this update is inferior to the previous version.  it's slower. there is way too much emphasis on the photos that appear with searches and listings and not enough emphasis on content _e.g. it's difficult if not impossible to view descriptions of completed items_. navigation seems more difficult.  the application seems less intuitive. there is way too much _advertising_ for current auctions of _similar_ items when conducting a search. if you sell on ebay i doubt that you'll be impressed. bad dog_
everything is easy to use and no mass of annoying adverts so yay_
come on.  i have an android and when i take pictures on my phone and upload directly with the app_ it says the pictures are too small and will not complete the ad. the whole point of the app is lost if i can't sell from my phone.
this new update sucks_ i can't tweet items for sale on my phone. i do this for my business. business is down since i have not been able to advertise. please_ fix this update_
there is a lot to work with_ i have to exit the app and log into the website to post an ad. it is enough to just slice a title for your ad_ then ksn jsg go tillbska to qpprn and continue. fishy
i keep getting ads pop up. it doesn't do this on any other app i have. pages load slow and i feel limited using the app compared to the site.
pretty good only thing it is missing is the classified ads, apart from that not much different from the web version
user friendly. great app, however will not allow me to upload photos and i cant find the link to my adverts so i can share elsewhere
i get what i what to find_ but stupid ad at top when i want to press search it says that i pressed the ad_ fix but good_
why is the app slower than using the full website on a mobile device_ surely thats the purpose of an ap...to be able to use on a mobile using less data and thus quicker than the browser. also missing important features of the website. seller tools and classified ads for instance.
the previous version was almost perfect. this new update is awful. its clearly designed to advertise more product and not designed to be user friendly.
a seller i used recently advertised signature required postage but sent it without this and i never received any of the three items. ebay still allows this seller to advertise fraudlently. paypal is just as bad.  the seller is  hitechproduct who sell cb radios
makes my life as an ebay seller simpler_ i can take pictures on my phone and put them directly on the ad.
please stop messing with a perfectly good app_ classified ads don't work properly, it's slow and looks awful. please put it back how it was and stop messing with it_
a seller i used recently advertised signature required postage but sent it without this and i never received any of the three items. ebay still allows this seller to advertise fraudlently. paypal is just as bad.  the seller is  hitechpro who sell cb radios
what happened to the share button _ i'm a seller and this is how i advertise my auctions _
the desktop version still beats the mobile app by a long shot which is why i prefer posting ads on my computer. with that said, time management is essential when you're buried in inventory. best advantages with the mobile app_ fast photo uploads, quick drafting and updates to ongoing auction items. but you can't do too much with your account settings or check out the extensions subscribed through the full site.
dear ebay. why have you removed the share feature from the app where you used to be able share through messages _ email _ whatsapp_ this was a good feature for promoting items to friends and family. free advertising for ebay too.
clearly ebay it team don't understand users preferred functionality_ why do i have to change everytime search for local items only_ still have to go to desk top for changing info_ too many new flaws to list here. postage is a mess etc etc. charges too high for number of adverts. too many traders ruining experience of searching. can't live with or without it_
this update should of never gone out, ebay really had a great app and i understand the need for refinement but this is just rubbish, the new layouts within the ads are not easy to navigate and just not clear.
why update cosmetically when the old version was brilliant. its garder to share adverts to friends, screens dull and boring, i liked the previous version.
it keeps kicking me out when i try to sign back in. i've tried restarting my phone, i've tried uninstalling ad installing it back again and nothing has worked so far. please fix _ i'll change the rating.
i only got it to stop the never ending ads
great app. only trouble cant make ads for motors on mobile.
works well. but needs more speed a great app, best part no ads no pop ups .yaaa
loved it but since update, nothing but problems. it for sure cost me money as a seller. ebay says, _25_ of my sales are from a phone_. if the app. is screwwed so am i. i receive no notifications at all. ads are very difficult to read, missing key parts and real slow to react. yesterday it timed me out and when i signed in it bumped me out. over 10 times in a row. it gave me 3_5 seconds before it logged me back out.
it keeps kicking me out when i try to sign back in. i've tried restarting my phone, i've tried uninstalling ad installing it back again and nothing has worked so far. please fix _ i'll change the rating.
make it so when refining your searches on the app you can select the classified ads format like you can on a pc_
mobile app not working again.  maybe you should charge a new fee so you can hire people who can develop an app that works.  just kidding_  don't get any ideas ebay. never mind,  i just noticed you'll be making more money by bombarding us with ads soon. i'm sure it will go to making sure things like this don't happen.
after updating on 9_14_14, i was repeatedly unable to log in. i check news sources to see if there was a possible issue. come to find out, ebay is going to start including advertisements in the app. is 10_ from each and every one of our sales not enough_ no. you have to go and fawk up the app for even more money. eat balls, ebay. try as you might, you will never be amazon.  uninstalling.
in the coming months they're adding ads into the app
don't like the fact that when i sell something, it counts my views in whenever i click on my ad to check stats_ and i can't view my basket_
why the hell would you remove one of our forms of advertising_ many of us rely on it_ put that feature back_
don't like the fact that when i sell something, it counts my views in whenever i click on my ad to check stats_
one of the primary ways my friends and i tip each other off on items to buy is to share.  you're loosing free advertising and opportunities for sales ...  _
this some real poo poo_ where is share at_ that was free word of mouth advertising for ebay... the new update looks like mobile web page. i am with everyone else why did you change something that was perfect_
do not like this version really hard to look at advertising and bid on items
i used to love this app and use ebay constantly. the new update is c_p. i no longer have the option to _view similar items_ but have the option to post an advert for the same thing_ it's now confusing trying to find the full item description or the seller's other items etc. please please please put it back to how it was.
no option to remove the middle adverts. on a mobile device, i want to use the screen to show me things i want, not things i don't.
two many restrictions and hidden fees using ebay.        shipping sometimes cost more than you make in profit. _ ebay customer support tries to brush you off. ebay refunded a customer without my permission causing me to lose _500 because customer never return the product.     but even that being sad its still safer than any other advertisement service
th postage has disappeared from the adverts on th listings page
same problem ad others today, phoned helpline and dead. needs fixing asap. some communication would be good
used to be the best.unnecessary garbage added.just another ad app now ruining it original purpose.
too much advertising. it used to be the go to file manager.
would have given 5 if i wasnt advertised to every 5 seconds
i loved this app when it was released. since being bought out though, they've been adding bloatware and scareware. i would gladly pay to get rid of the ads and bogus 1990's registry cleaner crap, but that's not an option, so uninstalling and using astro.
how do i turn off all the extra useless apps and adverts and notifications i do not want that are imbedded with this used to be just a simple file browser app_ when will i learn not to update_
fallen king. there's the article on xda forum, called_ es file explorer _ a short story of a fallen king. read it _ no matter what you do, you will no longer be no.1. it's sad to see that, but you have become greedy, like many others. ads_ hey. money money. we will make a paid version you said, with no ads and homepage, that is just wtf _ you make me sick_
was good. until it was filled with ads.
advertisements in a factory installed component with no way to uninstall said application are utterly unacceptable.
used to love this app. for years. latest series of updates have made the app unmanageable to the point of being intrusive. the latest one _app analyzer_ is downright invasive. every app i install gets automatically run through this feature. the results page is less than helpful and half of it is an ad. tonight it gets removed and the search for its replacement begins.
well let's be honest now. truth be told, this software is by far spot on with the feature set.... uhhhh, that is, until recently updating. i was going to pay for the pro version but read here in the reviews that instead of getting spammed with ads _which is totally kewl and legit for a free app_, that one would be bombarded with es app ads they've written. hey es team_ just have a pro app without any advertising or that lame sd scanner thing and watch how many of us will surely buy your pro version _ _
well let's be honest now. truth be told, this software is by far spot on with the feature set.... uhhhh, that is, until recently updating. i was going to pay for the pro version but read here in the reviews that instead of getting spammed with ads _which is totally kewl and legit for a free app_, that one would be bombarded with es app ads they've written. hey es team_ just have a pro app without any advertising or that lame sd scanner thing and watch how many of us will surely buy your pro version _ _
this once was the standard and up until fairly recently was still quite good. now it is a sad mess of bloat, recommends, unwanted scans, ads. like a pathetic old actress after way too many plastic surgeries. uninstall.
es file manager can access and work with files anywhere i have them stored from network shares to dropbox, otg drives to google drive. it just works better than other file managers i have tried.                                  i have to change my review.  in the last few months es file manager has added more advertising and some useless functionality. the latest update interferes with native otg access in android. poweramp is no longer able to access files on  otg drives if es file manager is installed.
this app was once a staple in all my android devices for years, but over time the app has become bloated with ads and unnecessary features resembling pc spyware. it's a shame that such a good app has deteriorated so much.
this is a great utility, but the embedded ads are a tad pervasive. i would also give it a better rating if customization was a tad more intuitive_ it is not difficult, just not intuitive.
i've had enough. the bloatware in this app is out of control. every time i install something _app analyze_ pops up. the home screen is full of camouflaged ads. the app is really pushy about other products made by the developer. i'm done.
used to be the go to file manager of choice now it's got unwanted features and ads that ruin the simple experience. at the very least give an option to turn off the app notifications when you've installed something_ edit_ i just use the old factory installed version of the app and refuse to update it.. it's back to how it used to be _
not anymore, now its the best ad and malware platform.
after _analyzing_ this file explorer, it's clear it's becoming bloatware_adware.   now, every time i go to my sdcard, i'm presented with the analyze option yet again. the analyze option seems to be an excuse to present a big ad. shame. this used to be the best. soon be time to uninstall.
was the best file explorer available. now has forced homepage and unwanted cleaner and ads. i am rolling back to an older version.
but has become too much with analysis and now has ads.
zip and unzip your files. easily extract apks from installed apps and  back them up. adverts are minimal and nicely placed
was one of the best and useful apps on android until they started pushing unwanted features. it would be good if it had an option to install these features as plugins if the user wanted rather than bloating the core app with unwanted code. im thinking about upgrading by installing an earlier version that's missing these unwanted features and loosing the advertising as a bonus.
getting unsolicited ads using this product. shame on you_ and i thought you were one of the good app devs.  es global is not es...group.  i should have known.
i don't often update apps as _new features_ such as more advertisements are added. i accidentally tapped the button, and what a mistake i had made. not good anymore
trying to dupe dummies with bloat and advertising.
fullscreen ads and bloatware. used to be good but not anymore.
great, until they advertised repeatedly for their other apps. tell me once, not every time.
full of bloat features that no one need just to show more ads. no way to delete the so called homepage from default windows
this app has no ads _ is too good
i'd rather pay for a version that doesn't have ads and has a lot less extra junk that was recently added. going to uninstall.
it is a good cleaner. however, the ads gets in the way of the cleaning. it adds more memories as i clean. that is stupid_
ad popped up on my notifications looking suspicious and imitating android permissions notifications. instant uninstall.
i dislike the persistent home page with ads, sdcard analysis etc.
used to love it.. now lots of intrusive notifications and ads made me rethink the ratings. one of the best explorers around. i am using it on all my devices
was a great file explorer, new features added bloat and annoying notifications and ads.  uninstalled after i've been using this for years.
i liked the old ui. no ads. no cleanup program. just a good file manager. please bring this back. thanks.
not happy w the ads but i think i owe them something for using it for years and years.
i don't want to go to useless homepage everytime or get the analyze message at all..  looked in settings and nowhere to get rid of this annoying ad like messages.  thinking about looking elsewhere,  why break something that didn't need a fix_
been using es apps for years on all my devices. but these latest round of updates started to add loads of nags and advertising that almost fills the screen. chance to turn some of it off by going pro. but i dont like being forced into doing anything, especially when the developer decides to cripple an app to force payment. so thanx for what used to be by far my must install app. i will learn to live without you. if you would of gone about this in a different, less forceful way, you would of got my money... but not now.
the sd card analyst tool is frankly useless now. where is everything used to be listed simply in file format from largest to smallest, it's now by item kind. with news stories and ads in between each section.
please remove ads atleast.
hate the ads and cleaner. once it was best file manager but no more_
now automatically runs a _file analyzer_ when you install new apps.  offers to _clean_ your phone and shows you ads while it does its work.  all i need is to access files on my network.  i've used this for years but no more.  someone got greedy and ruined a formerly good app.  solid explorer is my new solution.
this app brings together a suite of handy tools for exploring _ managing storage space on your android device. it is ad supported, but they're clearly investing that revenue in good developers. i'm skeptical of gimmicks _ functionality i don't rly want or need, but most everything they've added to es file explorer _ like the disk space usage analyzer_cleaner _ the app analyzer that lets you see _ even modify permissions dif. apps are using _ has actually been really useful _ well executed. well done guys_
it is a good cleaner. however, the ads gets in the way of cleaning. it adds more memories as i clean. stupid_
too many ads, and way to big
it is a good cleaner. however, the ads gets in the way of cleaning. it adds more memories as i clean. stupid_
they whored out and now it's just advertisement central
ads everywhere. works fine but there are ads f_ckin' everywhere. so sad, i liked this app because it was simply and functionaly. now it's just full of ads. what a shame...
whole interface is like windows pc but you must remove ads
bloated with far too many ads now
slower, fatter and more spam and adverts. failed to open usb devices. ruined. back to solid explorer.
great must have app_ thanks a lot for keeping it ad free. keep up the good work. a heartfelt thumbs up_
if i could only use one app on my phone or tablet this would be it. no bs. put simply the app provide fast _as in app runs fast_ explorer for your device. the media player is fantastic. i love that it keeps playing video media even when you turn the screen off. update_ last updated added advertisements.
but now they have it so packed full of ads and trick links that it's borderline malicious. would've paid for it if they had gone about it a different way but instead i'll just move on to something else.
became boaltware officially.but i do have backup of old but the best version without ads.
i don't generally mind the ads, but this is way too intrusive.
i used to like it but it now has intrusive ads. un installing.
before the app was perfect, very complete. now it is full of bloatware every time one opens and the performance is not so good. i recommend mk explorer that is free, without advertising good
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ no ads, free app, has its own players which work on background, multiple windows, support gestures, work on root mood and a lot of other tools
why are ads coming in the latest update.._
it used to be my number one go app on every android phone or tablet but it annoying the _app analyze_ and i starting to see some ads and i'm uninstalling it and i'm looking for another file explore._
this used to be my go to file manager application. sadly, i will now be looking for an alternative. the ads, bloatware, and annoying popups every time i install an app is unacceptable. if i wanted an app to scan other apps, i would have installed an app scanner.
performance of new version is poor relating to old one. and it consumes too much traffic for every launch for ads.
_bug fixes_ is the new code for _we really just want to push more_different advertising to your device_.
a great app ruined,  was brilliant but now full of bloatware and advertising.  sadly it's now uninstalled
used to be very professional looking.  now full of ads. ugh.
able to access all the files i need and share them between devices. the new layout for the file analysis page has become useless in finding those large files and individually removing them. it just wants to remove all files it doesn't recognise like map files and game data stored on the sd card_ also, the adverts are now intrusive.
now the ap behaves more like spam ware than a file manager.  uninstaller to avoid the constant stream of fake warnings, leading to ads. truly flawed ap now.
used to be great, but now full of bloat and ads. bye_
we know for a fact that you need money for the app development of es file explorer. what we don't understand is pushing us tools for data management, like the cleaner. this annoys people who needed a good file explorer and not a file manager and cleaner. plus, it is pushing ads like hell on the nooks and crannies of the app that nobody even notices.
it still does everything it's supposed to do but now it has notifications telling you apps are requesting special permissions. i know this because guess what, i just installed it and agreed to those terms. plus i have to give it permission anyways. and it wanting me to clean my and the ads are annoying. i have my own app for cleaning stop telling me to do it.
earlier es was my only option for browsing my phone but as it is being upgraded i m thinking to uninstal it. plz i dont need ur widget and floating button ads and wizard.
i think fkr what this was it operated jist fine for years just doing what it did without major functionality add_ons and _shudder_ invasive ads. i wish i could have the old version back.
starting with homepage, ads. old sdcard analyzer better
this used to be my only choice for a file manager. there was an update that has pushed a significant ui change to include ads inside the operations and the whole feel has changed from deliberate and effective at its job to a clumsy and irrelevant.
i will pay for the app to remove the ads permanently.  used to be a great app.
it was good until es global threw a bunch of ads and bloatware into it. stop being greedy and give us back the app that worked so well.
this used my favorite android file manager, but i can't recommend it to others anymore with the recent update. the app shows junk removal tool on launch and other ads for different things.
i've had to change my rating_ this was once a great app but recent changes to the free version, and questions of privacy have made me switch. i purchased the pro version to try it out and have used it for a while but i'm jumping off here.  i'm sure there are reasons for the bundling and ads and calling home  _i want  developers to be able to make a living and this is one way of generating income. it's just not worth it to me anymore.
addition of several stuffs just looks like ads to me made me to hate it..... the home screen is not direct to the storage. it is not clean compared to previous. actually previous versions were better
this is the best and most feature rich file manager i've used on android. it has almost all functionality one can expect from a file manager and more,  which makes me wonder how have the developers managed to fit so many bells _ whistles into this small sized app. thank you es dev team for making this wonderful gem of an app. although i would love a material dark theme. update_ i wanna congratulate the devs for managing to completely ruin this wonder app. so much bloatware _ spammy ads. if pro was optional i would've bought it, but i hate this arm twisting tactic.
i used to like the app but the more they update the worse it gets. this app to me just doesn't seem as good as it once was, it is slower with less functionality. side note, i'm ok with there being a paid version now but, after being free for so long the free  version should not have changed, the paid version should have had new better features or simply be an exact copy of the free with the idea that i'm supporting the dev. don't make it less functional and add ads to it that weren't there before.
it was the best file manager for android. now is just unusable, slow full of ads, alerts... even the pro version is slow now not worth the money nor the aggravation. so long.
ive been using this app for years, it's the first app i install on any device.  this used to be a 5 star app, and i would recommend it to everyone. now it has so much bloat, ads, and useless features.  the new app analyzer and sd card analyzer are so annoying. i know the pro version is better, but i'm not playing their game. they're trying to annoy me into buying it.  i wish they would go back to being a simple file explorer.
the bloat is getting worse with each update. now we have es analyse ads on different tabs and marking my files as junk. anyone looking for a good file manager try solid explorer. i wouldn't pay for es pro after all this spamming a bloat. still bad, truly uninstalled.
one of the first apps to go one every new device. enjoy being able to access the lan and cloud. more useful to use with dropbox than the official dropbox app. however, it has begun a disturbing trend of trying to do more than it should. i keep turning off the homepage and apps page, but they keep coming back. also, always wanting to analyze, and but never actually doing anything. it has developed ms office syndrome, adding bloat, just to be new. no option to pay and turn off ads. boo.
was 5 stars then i used the analyze ad button that constantly annoys me, and it deleted critical data.  remove stupid button please.
has started providing notifications without any obvious ability to stop them_ is offering to 'clean' my device _very alarming at first, looks like classic malware activity_. not good at all. doesn't give us as users any control. the app decides what it does and when. bad news. update_ very troubling ads now intrude
this formerly great app is now peddling nuisance notifications, ads, and is full of useless bloat.
full of bloatware now, ads and trying to get you to buy the paid app. used to swear by this app, now i'm uninstalling and going to astro.
used to be really good.  now it's absolutely full of ads.  way too many ads.
pretty good ads not too annoying
the new _cleaning_ function nobody wanted deleted 1meg of adverts from my device. and then downloaded 3 of its own adverts. i lost 2mb of space during cleaning... and sadly that's all you need to know about es nowadays _
i'm uninstalling and never coming back. besides all the new ads and pop up buttons and forcing me to look at their cleaner product, the worst part is now i have to dig to find my ext_sd card, because they decided to try to get everyone to find all files from all places in one virtual folder. now i'm so frustrated because i can't tell if it's this app or my android update that makes the virtual sd card _the same location_ as the internal memory, when all i want to do is save to my ext_sdcard. uninstalling.
it turned bloatware and adware after last update, with tons of notifications, forcing you into the app all the time. there you get presented with near fullscreen ads. uninstalled as i just wanted a simple file explorer_ it did that beautifully, so why all this extra stuff_
absolute garbage...horrible theme......and now ads ads ads ads ads ads.....ive learnt the hard way to backup all apps before i update so that i can uninstall and reinstall the good old downdate_
please allow file transfer resume in situation where file transfer was interrupted , restarting a 1gb file can be forever thanks , ads are big and unable to remove analyze buttons
updated today 2_9_2016 _ used to be an excellent app. now some file analyzer pops up with weird ads for uber, etc. asking for access to sensitive permissions. horrible_ i thought one of the recently updated apps was infected or compromised. uninstalling...now crapware_
now annoying and useless a complete ad bomb app.  cries foul at every new app install and shows useless ads.
used to find this great for all file manipulation on phone, tablet and between devices but navigation is now confusing. hate the maintenance options and font is so small. plus, when unwanted apps analyze is running there are ads. uninstalled as ruined a wonderful app.
i'll probably be uninstalling this soon. i'm starting to see ads in paid version and lots of bloat features. _
the developer believes we need help erasing our own personal files. your app was great. you've completely ruined it by adding useless features that we don't want, need nor asked for. i don't want 'homepage', it's useless. i don't want this stupid cleaning and scanning feature and above all, i don't want ads or suggested apps_ what is the matter with you_ back to 3.2.5.5 _asks for my location_ or i might even get rid of this sh_tty app altogether and try something different like fx file explorer_
obtrusive ads and apps. sad. goodbye.
new versions suck, f_ ads, im using version 4.0.2 is way better than new versions and the _ pro _  its not a pro its just a rip off
feature rich and ad free. new update broke the integrated es music player functionality available directly in the notification drawer.
it was a good app until the latest versions in beginning of 2016. the app analysis is to no use at all except to show ads in this app.
now it's bloated, full of useless extras you can't disable that are just an excuse to spam ads at you. uninstalling.
i used to loved it. i really did. until the ads pop out and it acts more than file explorer. my phone doesn't need to scanned by any apps. uninstall this. maybe i'll come back if they remove the extras and only focusing on its prime task.
previously it was a truly great app. but now it's cluttered with junk, ads,... going to 1_ it's getting really bad with all the pop_ups of es. removed it for ever.
this is still easily the best file manager app, especially its ability to browse network shares and the way it shows your sd card usage. they have now decided to shove adverts in your face which is very annoying. it would be fine if there was the option to pay to remove them but there isn't. i hope they add that soon.
es used to be great, then they decided to incorporate ads and useless shovelware, i want a file browser not all of this extra bullshit what are you doing.
still the best file manager around, but god what the heck are you doing_ stuffing with ads and potentially unwanted features is not the right way to go.
new features are bloatware, how to disable_  i really loved es fm back in the day, it was basic but so advanced at the same time. cloud intergration was high end stuff, ftp server on demand made file transfers easy. but now with the added bloatware_  i really would like to disable analyze, how do i do that_  i really don't mind the ads, you guys gotta make some money, but i'd rather pay for an ad_ and bloatware_free version of this.
been using es now for years and i love how easy it is to use without being bogged down with ads. that being said, the newest update now offers some apps on the main navigation page thats made to look like it's part of the actual app and not a redirect which i find misleading.  love the new clean button though sandwiched in those app_ads. guess it's better than pop up ads.
used to be the best but there are tons of ads now which are intrusive and cause annoying slow down
was a great app now pushes ads. most unfortunate.
i'll probably be uninstalling this soon. i'm starting to see ads in paid version and lots of blot features. _
analyze sd pop ups...more ads, bloated to the max. this was my favorite file manager...but not i seek less bloated alternatives. sad, will miss you but i doubt you will go back how you were..you will only get more bloated...sniff...sniff....good bye
i paid for this years ago, and now they're injecting nag notifications and ads. you have betrayed my trust. i hope you fail. you are dishonest hacks. you never get another chance with me. goodbye.
this has been one of my favourite apps of all time_ right back to my first android back in 2010. now it's totally ruined. i want an ad free version... i didn't even know there was one till i went to uninstall_
now with adware in their paid version.  freedom from adware is why i paid money for this.  this app used to be good.   now i get bogus pop_up notifications warning me about other apps requesting sensitive permissions.  the app then runs a 'scan' on my phone, displaying results among advertisements.  the thing is, none of the apps it's warning of are actually requesting sensitive permissions_  es is just selling my attention to advertisers, masquerading as helpful by doing unwanted, meaningless scans.  it would be one thing if the scans were legit, but they're not.  really bordering on fraud.   boo_  i wish i could take my money back just out of principle.
lots of ads and new _functions_ that are making this app just bloated. used to be good a few years ago but i'm now considering switching to somethings else.
used to be my preferred file manager for ages, easily a 5 star app that i happily recommended to friends and family. recently more and more _features_ and deceptive adverts are being added that really are getting to be very annoying. i don't want a cleaner app and i don't want a permissions app, i want a focused file manager app that knows what it is and does it well.
i must say_ you did a good job, and dont know why the good file manager like this is free and no ads. _update review_ the app getting bloat with junk _2 stars.
this was a purchased app and now they stuck ads on it  and of the rude variety that jump in your face between you and what you're trying to accomplish with your phone.
every time i use my phone its shows me a spammy ads. i don't want to see this. need help
used for years until it was filled with bloat. just switched to solid explorer. the app still works great, just too many ads and unwanted features.
this latest version contains so many large _almost full screen_, that, it is no longer useful to me. ludicrous ads deleting this ap_
this app was the best but now additional boxes are on the home screen _including ads for apps_ which moves bookmarks further down the page so you have to scroll everytime.
i use this app to explore files. i don't need it to do _everything_. if i wanted a cache cleaner_card analyzer, i'd dl one. this was the best explorer out there, but fancy feature syndrome is starting to become apparent. _aaand there's a new gizmo 12_29_. i had to come to the reviews to learn the secret method to bypassing the _home_ page which was starting to drive me mad... what es does right it does well, but so bloated 2_4_16_ sd card analyzer forced on me like ad banner. no option to remove. bye es.
this was a good app, now its very annoying to do anything. i'm trying to copy a file, not buy a car _full screen ad i had to scroll past to get to the folder i needed_. maybe you might like being constantly badgered to run the _cleaner_ or _analyze_. constantly. every. time.
i still use it, but the ads and bloat are ruining the app.
and i'm going to look for a different app. recommended apps, junk cleaner...  i would have paid for a good ad free bloat free version. time to move on. it was a great app i would be willing to pay for just to keep it the way it was before the last update. very disappointing, it was a really good app.
the app itself is ok however they have placed too many unnecessary adverts and links that you can not remove to force you to buy the paid version...
excellent explorer and file manager with unobtrusive ads.
compared to the several other apps i tried, this one takes the cake_ no ads that get in the way, it just lets you browse, copy and otherwise manage your files with ease_
loved the old version, not the new version . even with all the things that most people don't like, it's still the best file manager i have used on android. but the ads slows down the app quite a bit. maybe it's just my phone, but i seem to remember the app running fast before the ads
a very user friendly app. with no ads to clutter your view. show or keep files hidden. compress and encrypt personal files. transmit saved apk apps and files between two devices, using bluetooth, when this app is installed on both devices. or use ftp to send files over the internet  and you can even setup a local ftp file server.
it's great im not much for the _recommended_ apps it has a lot going on, don't get me wrong this is one hell of a useful app, more ads and promo type add ons and such, some seems over kill to need to install 5 separate apps when technically couldn't they be plugged in _ well the only other app that compares at all would be z archiver _ only due to the simple interface and the fact it opens all file types i mean all ,...big ups to es _
very cool apps _ the best part it's ad's free _
feels packed than before and the ads doesn't make it better either.
i've been using es file explorer since gingerbread. loved it for so many years. but now with bloatware and advertising, and unnecessary pages that cannot be disabled, it takes me more time to do my tasks and slower.   will have to look for another light explorer.
app is great, but far too many extraneous tools and ads now. uninstalling
can view hidden files, rename file extensions, root explorer, access remote pcs, great ui, built_in archiver. however, recent spam notifications, an unwanted cache cleaner and self_advertisements are ruining the calibre of the app.
what a file manager. best file manager ever...plz remove ads and more improve this file manager. thanks es globle team.
works as advertised.
the app has little bloat involved and almost no ads.  a simple app that does what you need it to do.
it was a great file manager until recently. you guys must remove the bloatware from the latest update and please remove all those annoying ads
before the ads. gets worse with every update unfortunately. sadly, this happens to all the good apps eventually. i used to be able to open up to my network page and now i can't avoid the ads. searching for a replacement ... also, what did they do with the audio player and why _       had to reboot my phone in order to get the music to stop playing _ so sad, wish i could roll back the updates.
the only thing i would like better would be the lack of ads. they're everywhere. not obnoxious, but sometimes confusing.
a great usable file explorer without any ads or full screens bugging you. use it regularly.
used to be best app, but no more bcz off crap advertising of apps. uninstalled due to ads_
es explorer was once the definitive file explorer for android but is currently ruined for me because of the ads and useless features that take up too much screen space and can't be disabled or hidden. the functionality is still good but the app became too cluttered for my liking and therefore i switched to another explorer.
starting with homepage, ads. old sdcard analyzer will be better
several times i've gotten a pop up. saying _your phone needs to be updated_ and things like that.  if you click accidentally it goes fully modal and starts buzzing you phone and the like in order to get you to install stuff.  customer support did not respond when i alerted them.  it's coming from their ad stream.  that's bad business.  it's a great file manager but you better be careful.
es file explorer was my go to file manager on android for nearly 5 years. it was a brilliant app that knew what its users wanted and delivered it without fuss. sometime in late 2015, it seems to have been sold to an unscrupulous bunch who are now hell bent on monetising it anyway they can. i have no problems with developers charging for their work, but pushing ads as a notification is a step too far. it saddens me to say this, but i now strongly recommend staying away from this and other es apps.
does what it needs to, even with the ads and bloatware they threw into it.
powerful and user_friendly with minimal to no ads. a must have.
compared with other file managers that have _totally_ succeeded for me, this one is bloated in file size and bloated with ads and the like.
this used to be a 5 star app. it is slowly adding in ads and optional features that are annoying and invasive. looking for a different file manager so i can uninstall
wish it had less ads but still great
it's hard to get used to,  but after that it's fantastic. it got all of the features i need.  although lately the ads are annoying
a few too many ads.
it was a great app before ads came. so disappointed...
this app was the best but now additional boxes are on the home screen _including ads for apps_ which moves bookmarks further down the page so you have to scroll everytime.
the ads and bloatware are getting ridiculous. and after the new update, it becomes laggy as snail. it used to be simple and to the point. not anymore. i don't need to clean my _junk_, seriously, i need to get the work done. i guess it's time to switch to other app.
garbageware after recent update... cannot use classic themes says newer version available... when attempting download it says already installed... spyware checks files and displays adverts at bottom... way too cluttered
used to be a great app until it gave ads, file cleaning functions. i just want a file explorer that works with root, nothing more.
forced add_ons and advertisements making this app slower.initial ver. was better but now it's full of crap.
now it's full of useless crap and ads
been using this app for a very long time. i'm getting used to the new updates. i don't know if i like them yet, but i do resist change.  i'm looking into a paid version of this app because i don't like the new ads. i'm happy to support the developers of this app as i have used this very useful app for a long time without having to pay. i can't remember if i've ever donated to their cause but i do donate to many developers. we non_developers need developers to keep using their skills.
this program used to be the best, now it's just full of a bunch of crap nobody wants. too many ads a bunch of files scanners and optimizers that are crap. oh yeah and the offer to pay to remove the extra crappie features no one wants. went from a 5 star to a 2 star.. terrible now.
always liked this app. does what it is designed to do and is without ads.
was real good i loved it so much and now they added ads, but you may remove them by doing some magic in settings.
it's not a file manager, it's all advertisement. not great.
would give 5 stars if there were paid version without ads
ignore the ads and its great
i used to like this app, probably the best out there, but now its interface is annoying with ads and nonsense useless cleaners, deleted it_
i don't think so this a social app_ so why there are many ads _  annoying clean option always on. just make it a simple management app like your old versions...
this is what used to be a wonderful file manager, a 5 star app. unfortunately, instead of improving on an already solid platform the devs decided it was time to cash in. now we have a cluster fart of a home screen and beautiful ads to entertain us while we manage our files.
this was once the file explorer on the market. i've used it for years and years and absolutely loved it. lately, it seems too much has been crammed into it and now there are ads and unnecessary items that cannot be disabled. the sd card scanner has also ceased working, now force closing. it's a shame to see a once top notch app start to go down hill.
was perfect.   still good but there is some app_advertising encroachment.  i understand_  you have to pay the bills.
recommended apps, ads and offers to clean device all the time are new and unwelcome. did the spammers at cleaner master acquire this as well as quickpic_ edit just seen new paid version _ bought_
full of bloatware now. lots of ads. will restore the latest previous version that was still good.
but now full of gimmicks and ads and spammy pages of _recommend_  applications.  try solid explorer instead_
does what you need. easily moves files into folders, let's you delete ad stuff cluttering your phone. very useful.
not only can you browse local files, but you can view network attached storage and devices. ads are not invasive and the recycle bin is a nice feature.
doesn't assault us with advertisement.
full featured, easy to use, ad free. if it were not free i'd gladly pay a  annual subscription fee.
no ads, nice interface and with all features.
just a good app that works, with massive flexibility. even with ads it would be good.
ads everywhere now
good ui_ nothing too aggressive w_ the adverts
the previous ad card was the best please revert it back it gives a detailed view the new analyzer is nkt so clear as previousl one
used to be the best out there. clean, simple and yet smooth file manager_until some douche in the developing team decided to put in useless ads and addons_ removed after 3 yrs of use_ good riddance
how such a great program could fall so hard and so fast, in 1 update. as others have said, it is now malware, full of ads and nonremovable bloat. i had to uninstall. quite sad.
the ads and bloatware are getting ridiculous. and after the new update, it becomes laggy as snail.
too many ads, popups, general bloat. used to love it.
when you open it now, you see a lot of ads.
was the best but now filled with ads and forcing itself as the app to open images, etc. uninstalling
in order to get people to opt for the pay option. they must have takein a page from microsoft. give 'em the first hit for free, the milk 'em_ i can almost deal with the ads, but the otherwise added croft  is really brining this app down fast_
great ap.  simple, straightforward, intuitive.  works as advertised.  this tool is a real help as phones become more complex, and have more memory options.  highly recommended_
been using this app for years and it keeps getting better. no ads, frequent updates with new features like ways to free up storage space. transfer files easily and quickly when linked to your cloud or lan storages like box, dropbox, and local servers. love it_  great work, dev_
please stop ruining this great little app by 'adding' functionality. by all means add an advert for your junk cleaning services but don't just add them to the app which then makes it bloated and annoying. such a shame
i used to love this app just because how simple and full of features it was. and now it's just becoming one of those apps full of ads.wt_
great apps to manage my sd card. 100_ free ad _ rich feature. support ftp _ send _ r_w file via wifi _ facebook _ browser add in. etc....
once i rated this app 5 star. they no more deserve with all that bloats ads and in the recent update the sd card analyst has changed and the app is crashing every bit i use the feature so its time to uninstall this app i guess.
the app functionality is great. ui is great... and the best thing is minimal ads which is rarely found in a free app. easily 5 stars.
works well but used to be much slicker and cleaner. now has horrible start page with ads and lots of irrelevant crap.
awesome app with no pop up ads. great work.
this is a brilliant ap . such a shame that es developers have resorted to intrusive ads to force loyal users to buy. all you needed to do is offer a few extra useful features in pro. i will purchase when reported bugs are fixed.
such a shame that es developers have resorted to intrusive ads to force loyal users to buy. all you needed to do is offer a few extra useful features in pro and i would have payed gladly. and why all the bloat ware, need the option to disable features.
excellent file explorer 5 stars_ but forced to uninstall and look elsewhere since es screwed up the task manager, and too ignorant or stupid or both to fix ads popping up on paid versions. afraid same crap will spill to file explorer. chao_
there are many file explorers out there but none like this. it has all the functionality you will ever need. if you really mind the ads then consider getting the paid version.
such a shame that es developers have resorted to intrusive ads to force loyal users to buy. all you needed to do is offer a few more features in pro and i would have payed gladly
i see a lot of talk about bloatware. the truth is, they have added some ads. very little and pretty much unobtrusive. its not much of a price for an app this good. see for yourself.
please remove the cleaner and ads......its make the app lag
this is not only what i needed, it is a well made app and most of all no annoying ads
i traced some ads in the notifications area as coming from es. anything for a buck i guess
now not lightweight. keep scanning although i don't want it to scan anything. turned into a bloatware. too many features that should have been toggleable.... i don't need any cleaning but it was forced on the homepage. and what the heck happened to the toolbox on the old layout_ it opens ad shiz instead of the real toolbox.
the app is no worse or better than some other apps. while it does its job, it pushes ads and sister apps as well and it is irritating.  i uninstalled it after a few uses.
ads and clunky
i see a lot of talk about bloatware. the truth is, they have added some ads. very little and pretty much unobtrusive. its not much of a price for an app this good. see for youself.
this used to be the best file manager _ general swiss army knife for android, worthy of 5 stars. however, since the last few updates, the app now regularly spams garishly colored notifications in broken english, such as _300 junks found, recommend to clean_ that are accompanied by the device vibrating _continuously_ until this advertisement is acknowledged. this got my wife and i out of bed last night, much to her dismay. this app still offers value but you need to disable notifications to use it.
startup time is not as fast as it used to be. app is bloated with unwanted ads and softwares.
finally sold out and included ads in the program.
paid for pro version. this gets rid of ads and bloatware.  don't see a great difference in functionality, but hey, its only _2. great job.
i loved this app in the beginning, but recently they started to be greedy and added all kind of ads and junk to it. it takes forever until you get to the file. u must first close one ad, then another before u get to the file. i recently had to close 3 of them, which appeared immidiately after closing a previous one. do u guys really think that people will be clicking on them_  u r doing a bad favor to yourself, guys. i am uninstalling it.
this app sucks hard.the ui is utterly confusing.it's also filled with unnecessary things,like cleaner,ads etc.even my default file manager is better than this crap.
this explorer does exactly what i need it to do works best for me to integrate my droid phone into my home pc network. works wonders with smb and ftp ad there is no better way to join a homegroup network.
ads found it way to es_ time to start seeking a new file manager_
too much ads
please remove the ad sense
junk should not include downloaded files. also, cleaner to have less in your face ads.
does everything it advertises _ does it well
works well, no ads interfering with use
good functions but extremely annoying advertising. get rid of it. it makes me want to find an alternative_ not buy more.
i have used this for years but hated the ads although they aren't as intrusive as some. i was so pleased they brought out the pro version, it looks butter all round and i was more than happy to support the developer by paying the measly _2 _ not to mention getting rid of the ads. big thanks from me _
updates and ads ruined an amazing application
it used to be the best, and now improved with the garbage clearout tool, but the full face_on advertising has spoiled it. i appreciate ads are necessary with free software, but please be a bit discrete.
it used to be the best, and now improved with the garbage clearout tool, but the full face_on advertising has spoiled it. i appreciate ads are necessary with free software, but please be a bit discrete.
this file manager is a decent piece  of software, but the dev team keeps finding sneaky and annoying ways to try and increase the in_your_face ads which mask themselves as features.  in particular the app cleaner feature that was supposed to be _improved_, the app manager and the new home screen are simply in the way.  it's really sad when adding more features to an app makes it feel more like a demo version.
i used to love your apps but recently i think you added too many things _like clean_up ad or get pro ad_. i hope you will remove it soon, please. thank you for building this app
really full of ads everywhere, even in notifications, but still good.
its nice when an app just friekin works_  spent 50 mins messing around with all sorts of wifi sharing apps, xender included before finally finding this es file thing, which is simple and just got the job done.   also seems to be a powerful file explorer so bonus _ i haven't seen any annoying ads so far either.  5_5
it works as advertised_
simply the best file explorer out there, granted the older ad free versions were better.
i hope i can find a way to downgrade this as i liked the old homepage more without the junk cleanup and a _go pro_ ad taking up all the space.
does everything perfectly. the best part about it , which isn't advertised about it, is that it picks up lan shares hence allowing you to browse your pc and stream videos and music  either using its basic player or a third party player.best free app_
now uninstalling because of ad , bloatware , cleaner which removed all my thumbnails now not regenerating for some reason now trying solid explorer
im going to delete this app if they dont remove the constant ads
used to be good until the ads and stalking spyware came
can view hidden files, rename file extensions, root explorer, access remote pcs, great ui, built_in archiver. however, recent spam notifications and self_advertisements are ruining the calibre of the app.
apart from certain advertisement, its an awesome app.
update_ cheetah mobile has begun using this as a sales platform. they might consider an advertising free 'pro' version. great app, when it was spam free.
an es file explorer pro_ now that's weird, i thought es file explorer to be a non pro full feature ad less app. well, that image is ruined now..._
plz add support for ntfs file system..you are adding ads now_....
it was a great file manager but now it's fully crap. the whole ui is fulled with ads and bloatwares
even with phone rooted unable to create and write to text file on ext ad card.
feature rich and ad free. the ui looks a bit out of fashion. the floating action button needs to be taken care of. it cannot be permanently disabled in new layout.
found this in some top 10 list years ago and it's still going strong. this app has all features i need and has no ads despite being free.
this used to be my favourite app, boy has it gone downhill. time to find an alternative. es task manager has also been uninstalled due to the new ads. so sad to see what was once a great company with good products end up like this.
was an excellent app, now is annoying and has ads. homescreen layout messed up badly. shame they purposely messed up free version just to sell pro version.
this app is getting more and more bloatware with every update, es cleaner doesn't do anything, and those ads are annoying.
thanks for this feature rich free application without any ads. you gets all the features of root explorer here for free. yes you can open and mount system change, add or delete any file or folder. really great app. thanks the developers for keeping it free and adfree.  beat part is wifi fast file transfer and ftp transfer
you've proven yourselves untrustworthy, _ like many others who've been using your app faithfully for years, i don't appreciate your lies _ deceit, nor you putting our devices _ data at risk for your profit, so i'm uninstalling immediately.  modify your description _ changelog to include what you actually changed to this once fine app _including the ads _ sabotage_ _ stop trying to scam people, or do the world a favor _ have everyone involved with this project kill themselves via rectal chainsaw insertion.
previously it was a truly great app. but now it's cluttered with junk, ads,...
things are getting messy now.  i purchased the pro version because i've used this browser forever but i couldn't figure out how to not have a wallpaper.  the ads in the free version are not sufferable so i found fx browser and replaced it.  i'd happily have bought es but it's going in a direction like astro that doesn't work for me and it's time to move on.
great app until you forced ads into it and then charge to remove the ads, what gives_
now not lightweight. keep scanning although i don't want it to scan anything. turned into a bloatware. too many features that should have been toggleable.... i don't need any cleaning but it was forced on the homepage. and what the heck happened to the toolbox on the old layout_ it opens ad shiz instead of the real toolbox.
have always loved this app,i just hope they don't start putting heaps of ads in it, the junk cleaner is annoying.
stands out from the crowd but not perfect. ads relatively innocuous.
starting with homepage, ads
inserting stupid ads and slowing down the free version to sell the paid version.
no complaints, works as advertised. one of my most used apps.
best _root_ explorer. were it not for the advertising train to jump on the all. as the cateeth mobileapps mitlerweile ...
remove ads please
i've downloaded other apps to compare.for me nothing else does. es xplorer does it all and very fast. uninstalled all others. please  remove scanner to clean device and allow option for homepage default.advert in homepage is also sore to eyes and invades space.thank you.
loved this app before the update. the homepage took some getting used to doing. but i manage my card and device memory,  so switching around to where i needed to be wasn't a big deal. the program telling me i need to clean and serving up ads. that annoyed me. even if it's free, they didn't use to have ads.
the app used to be a 5_ before that silly update. i knew something line this was coming sooner or later. a perfect app that offers everything without invading privacy or mass collection of information without a single advertisement was awesome. at least there's a pro version without these two downsides.
i considered to buy pro, but i don't have ads with free version. is it because i donated very long time ago_
its a great file manager, but an app with root permissions has to be trustful, but this one displays ads, which could be a potential security issue.
now gives warning about junk files found in the general notification bar, which is really just click bait, and doesn't tell you where the ad is coming from.  uninstalled.
was the best utility for managing system files. use it with filezila on a pc and nothing is better. last set of updates however introduced _clean now_. this has tried to delete important app data for an app i use. this is very annoying, two clicks and oops, the data is gone forever. please allow disabling of clean junk files or at least bury it in the app. also blotware button added_ a little icon at bottom that does not go away used to add ads. 5 stars on paid app where you can hide the above mentioned.
works as advertised
very good and helpful app.. i am using this app on my mobile but there are some ads shows during tasking so please remove the ads. otherwise this file manager app is fantastic.._ rating 4.5_5 because of ads... and the new design is reallyyy awesomeeee_
so horrible and worst update i've ever seen_ creating cleaner with ads are so very disappointing... together with the default windows_ move to other file manager.. it's been a long road i've used this app, bye_
crazy amount of spam and ads
recommendation is to stop updating.  this app was the best but now additional boxes are on the home screen _including ads for apps_ which moves bookmarks further down the page so you have to scroll everytime.
now useless _ full of bloatware _ ads. will find a different file manager that actually works.
bloated app full of unwanted junk and ads. bring back the old functional version please. listen to the feedback_ nobody wants cleaner and task killer.
recent updates have started to get really pushy about other products made by this developer, from that obnoxious orange circle to the camouflaged ads on the home screen. this app is decent but i'll abandon it faster than a sinking ship if the dev keeps waving his crappy bloatware in my face.
little too much advertisement rubbish in between though
have used for ages, but when full screen adverts started interrupting normal use of my phone _dialer, messages, twitter_ i tracked the problem to this and uninstalled. ads in an app i can live with, but full screen ads popping up when the app isn't even in use is unacceptable. will seek alternative.
have used for ages, but when full screen adverts started interrupting normal use of my phone _dialer, messages, twitter_ i tracked the problem to this and uninstalled. ads in an app i can live with, but full screen ads popping up when the app isn't even in use is unacceptable. will seek alternative.
these ads and junks i see and the unremovable homepage is not the thing that es file manager was and should be if you guys need money or something so include in_app purchase, pro version or something not to destroy the app like this. i thought that the es global team devs are different but i think i was wrong.
that's right folks, it literally owns the competition. has absolutely everything you could ask for in a file manager. i can not overstate it's awesomeness_ update_ this application has degraded in terms of quality since last few updates. the developer has added bloatware and excessive advertisement. disappointed and switching to an older version.
the homepage forces itself on you without an obvious way to get rid of it. the new cleaner feature is suspicious. the recommended apps in the app manager are basically ads. i don't trust this app with root anymore. fx explorer is a great alternative, not free, but it's worth it.
app does everything and more which you can expect from a explorer. though the new subtle advertisements for their new apps are annoying
you can do almost everything with your files with this app. and its fast, free, without ads and simple to use. try it.
when it was simple and ad free it was so much more awesome...wtf happened_ it's like no one makes a decent file explorer anymore that is just useful
recent additions such as bloatware, spam and ads has driven me from a once perfect app. moving on to the next guy until they do the same. material design homepage is not good either.                       reply_ paying for a good app s fine by me, nothing is free. it's the garbage that got added to the home screen. i would pay but only with a guarantee i can disable the new unwelcome additions in the latest upgrades.
latest update i started getting invasive ads in pull down menu and on lock screen..   uninstalled immediately.  bye bye
haven't had a drama with it. if you know what you're doing, you'll make it work just fine. ads don't seem to annoy too much. thumbs up guys
full of ads
i will leave my original review quoted below because i still find the app extremely helpful. however, the sudden addition of ads is disappointing and has reduced my rating to 3 stars.  i'm not expecting anything for free, so if you provide a paid version without ads i would be more than happy to purchase it and restore my rating to a full 5 stars.  original review_ _i've been using this app since i first got my samsung galaxy note 2 _my first true smartphone_. wouldn't be without it_
not so much anymore, its bloated with ads and other useless crap like the cleaner.
i'm in es file explorer pro because i'm not going ad. i'm automatically used the ad_on.
ads are too boring
new idea's or sales hero on some revenue campaign_ whatever it is, the same or better bottom line result surely would have been adding any more of what you guys have built the original following from i.e. loyal users happy to pay, even for what awesomeness you  already delivered time and again.  but where you will loose long time supporters and product advocates is when you add junk and charge to remove it. what is this remove adds with pro version. had es for years and i've never seen ads.  cause i care.
does the job as said, not many ads
i liked it before the devs decided to include ads and other bloat. uninstalling.
i was using this app for the last 3 years and it was my best file manager. recent updates were full of ads, suggestions, etc that are really annoying. bye es fm...
used to be great, but is now serving ads over other apps, home screen, terrible practice.
it's never given me issues. everything option it advertises works perfectly. little to no work is needed for all the features _e.g. lan_ to work
that's a lot of ads
this can no longer find files on my tablet_ what on earth happened to this app_ horrible ui tweaks, ads and errors galore. time to retire this app and never update the other on my other device.
doesnt other users matter _ was the cleaner option and the homepage mod some kinda deliberate act to make ppl opt for the paid one _will es free version ever get rid of these _im not complaining about the ads,cuz u guys need it to make bucks ..
earlier it was much better with hardly any ads.
as advertised, great file explorer especially if you want to copy files from your server to you devices.
unobtrusive advertising is acceptable. active interference and aggressive promotion are deal breakers. no way to turn off junk _cleaner_. back off the hot app promo crap. ruining a good app to enforce sales. this sucks.
ads and things users never asked for where added to his app, what happened_
full of ads
recent update added ads in notificationsl bar. uninstall and switched to solid explorer.
recent additions such as bloatware, spam and ads has driven me from a once perfect app. moving on to the next guy until they do the same. material design homepage is not good either.
after years of use i am replacing this once great file manager.  this one has slowly gotten worse while some new ones outperform this one without all of the ads and bloatware.
i do not like the fact that ads were snuck into the system. i would have gladly paid for a premium version that is devoid of such extra nonsense.
i think i have to switch to a different app or maybe an older version because you have polluted this with advertisement. i loved that old es file explore which is now gone _
i used to recommend this as the one and only file manager for android to everyone. then the update came. and with the update there came disparity ... material design ... and ads, functions ... and bloat. _okok i'll stop joking around with the dark souls i intro but you get my point_ once i have some time i will look into the fx file explorer. a quick overview showed that it'll take maybe a week to get used to but it looks awesome. sry bros, you used to be my idols as a programmer ...
does everything very well, as advertised
how to ruin a perfect app by adding annoying stuff that is used to do advertising ... so disappointed _
what a way to screw up a perfectly good app. i have used it for years but now it just pains me. there's nothing more annoying than ads. then a 'junk' cleaner nobody asked for. i would have gladly paid if you asked... now...
i used to love this app, fortunately it's still usable after changing some settings_ recycle bin_ really_ how often do you a_ have data that's uniquely stored on a phone_tablet and b_ accidentally even delete files on a phone_tablet_ as for the recommended apps page, i understand the need for ad revenue, but i doubt that's the best way to get it. turning it off was the first thing i did. unobtrusive ads probably would cause a lot less irritation and bring as much money. the cleaner function adds very little value for me, but at least it stopped giving me notifications every day.
i loved this app, used to recommend it to everyone. then the devs added intrusive ads throughout. as a developer myself, i understand wanting to make a profit off useful software, but this is the worst way to go about it. create added value in the premium version, even bug free users to upgrade if they want to support you, but don't bug us with ads. i'm uninstalling and finding a competitor that doesn't load their app with bs_ or just using the built in file manager. no need for this crap.
please return the _  floating button.  and please remove the cleaner crap. i don't want to see the useless thing on the home page. i don't mind the ads, but cleaner and a browser in a file explorer_ that's bullshit.
ads are fine with me. after several years of leeching on such a great app you b_tch and moan because the developer wants to earn some money_ that cleaner on the other hand is a no go. remove or atleast let us disable it.
been using this app since its ealy builds.. always surprises me after updates.. now that is has the _cleaner_ and recycle bin on it. i can't ask for anything more.. _ plus its free but doesnt have any anoying ads.. great app_ thanks to developer...
this use to be my goto file manager. now it is full of bloatware and ads. time for a new file manager.
once my favorite file manager app, the recent added bloat has turned me away. i understand a dev needing to make money, and i would've happily paid for the app, but adding bloat and notification ads in an effort to have me upgrade to pro is the wrong path, imo.
used to be 5 stars app. clean device notification_ users can suffer ads or payment for premium but bloat are unacceptable_
used to be good, now filled with garbage _ ads in an attempt to push the paid version.  i'll look elsewhere, even if it means a competing paid app.
i've been a loyal fan of es file explorer as it is one of the best since the early days on my first hero phone but w_ the bloatware now it is no longer a fav. wish there's a pro version to disable or remove the extra unwanted features and apps advertising.
used to be the finest file explorer out there. now filling up fast with bloat_ware and advertisements and a lot of useless junk.
now that they've added ads and bloat this app sucks. i switched to solid explorer, and it is actually way better than es ever was _ totally worth the couple bucks for a slick file manager.
es file explorer was my go to file manager on android for nearly 5 years. it was a brilliant app that knew what its users wanted and delivered it without fuss. sometime in late 2015, it seems to have been sold to an unscrupulous bunch who are now hell bent on monetising it anyway they can. i have no problems with developers charging for their work, but deriving ads as a notification is a step too far. it saddens me to say this, but i now strongly recommend staying away from this and other es apps.
once a major must_have for any android device, this app has gradually become immerded in bloatware and ads.
desire 510 _ selections don't update when using move to. not liking the apps ad panel. new updates make the interface kitschy. the previous ver was more utility oriented and usable. new interface is too fluffy for me. i will download the old theme to see if that helps.
switching to solid explorer after ads ware added into es file explorer. first i thought es file explorer was giving me some valuable information via notifications like it normally does like when file transfers are done, but it turns out it was advert notifications, one of the worse kind.
switching to solid explorer after ads ware added into es file explorer. first i thought es file explorer was giving me some valuable information via notifications like it normally does like when file transfers are done, but it turns out it was advert notifications, one of the worse kind.
at least offer an option to get rid of your forced ads, paid or otherwise. loved this app for years
the latest update spams my phone with banner ads saying my phone is infected with viruses. not cool_ uninstalled.
was very powerful, amazing and functional. now filled with bloatwares and ads, goodbye my best file explorer.
loved this app for years. would have gladly paid to support it. instead they inserted ads and a _cleaner_ that can't be disabled without paying. thankfully i saved a backup of an older version.
this was once the best file manager available. i recommended it to many people _ gave it a 5 star rating. now it's ruined and replaced by a bloated, lagging monstrosity. features that were always free _such as ability to select default folder on launch_ have been taken away and now cost money. the old useful home screen is gone, the new one is useless and cluttered with a crappy _junk cleaner_ and ad buttons. extra clicks are required for navigation and all the bloat has slowed everything down. uninstalled.
i've tried a number of file explorers _ managers, and this is the best. no ads, blazing fast, and easy to use.
very useful when looking for and moving files on the phone. it's especially nice when used with other apps to select or share files. the newer update does add a bunch of bloat and ads.
but now is a fairly bloated and overly designed 'mess' really. homepage idea is annoying, recommended apps are adverts. it's a file explorer, why must you try to make it do everything_
bloated, full of ads... it was used to be good earlier, but not now
ads and cleaner ruined it. i would gladly pay for a version that doesn't have bloat but sadly this is all that is offered.
runied it with ads and bloat.
forcing ads on people with no warning and no alternative_  should have put out a paid version before forcing ads on users.  very disappointing.
would really like done away with all the gimmicks and horrible ads. at least hurry up with the pro version.
i don't like the new cleaner option taking prime position on the home page.  i really want to be able to turn this off.  i really dislike the recommended apps at the top of my apps list.  i suppose an ad free no payment file explorer was too much to expect to stay like that.  i hate ads and recommendations i don't want to see. i wouldn't mind a paid version to remove the rubbish i don't want_  at the moment i am looking for an alternative explorer.
i hate ads. i'd gladly pay to remove them. as a result i'm looking for other file explorers that don't force me to see ads.
it used to be the standard for all file explorers.  in recent updates they have ruined the app.  they have started putting bloat and junk that is not needed on it. the cleaner they have implemented is unnecessary and could be dangerous. the ads are annoying and you should have the option to set your default opening page. i hope the developers listen to people and maybe give you the option to pay to get rid of the ads and cleaner.
new features and design, new ads and bugs turned one of the best apps into complete fail. not recommended
best file manager on android by far. i love browsing files off my pc. however, ads are everywhere now. i would gladly pay for an ad free option. i will certainly give that one 5 stars.
thank you for removing the app suggestions and thanks to another user i know how to set a different start page than the cleaner. this is the best file manager on the market. instead of bloat and ads, i would suggest a paid version. i would gladly pay for this to keep the bloat out.
it was a wonderful app, but now they are introducing useless bloatware to promote ads. cm cleaner did this and i uninstalled it. my sincere advise to the developers is _don't tinker with something that works_. if you have a cleaner please introduce it as a separate app. please give us the option to disable it in es file manager.
now its a memory cleaner ... with random notification ads.
and more bloat and ads.
no ads, no pressure, feature_rich, lan access, and a music player that sees files others don't with an intuitive playlist manager. either there are good people behind this, or it is an alien virus. either way, thanks.
this app used to be nice and simple, which changed after the material update. then they started adding bloat and what are essentially ads, and while it's definitely still usable, i won't be recommending to friends.
after the the material update, app is becoming bloated with ads and promotions, not something desirable in a file manager.
it's very awesome app and the usage arrives like ftp and other are awesome only thing is ads they are not good _ so reduced a star otherwise this is the only app i would have given 5 stars . change it and i will give it _
plus it has an app manager and it's also a root explorer with tons of options, themes and tweaks, ad i forgot to mention the built in zip support.
now with built in junks malware and ads.
i've used es for years and loved it. recently i haven't liked the ui changes, but it wasn't a deal breaker until i started getting mysterious _junks found_ notifications, obviously written by a poor english speaker. not being stupid enough to tap on it, i googled it and found, _..i dug further and found out that es sends data in the background to the developer's china based server so they can sell it to ad companies._ background data mining is unacceptable_  going to try fx, solid, _ cabinet.
so many ads pop up kinda hate
i've been using this for quite a while and loved it. with the latest update, it has added a bunch of spam advertisements for their other apps, nags about _wasted space_ _files that i'm keeping on my phone_, and now runs much slower. no thanks_
what of these ads now_
was 4 stars, now dropped to 2 due to the inclusion of notification bar spam. to all you fools whining about the _junks cleaner_ not working, you should kick yourselves in the nuts for falling for obvious ad spam.  and to disable it just go to es in the application manager and uncheck the box that says enable notifications. it's not like this app has any reason to notify you of anything anyway.
app spoilt by intrusive advertising, a naff home screen and junk files deletion. long time user but never mind. the changes just weren't for me.
ads in settings interface. good file manager otherwise, works over network, bt, no problems. htc desire.
i didn't get this app to have annoying ads show up in my notification bar. uninstalled.
using notifications to spam ads for a _junk cleaner_ earns this app an instant uninstall.
the addition of ads, the cleaner, 'recommendations' and the soon_to_be paid version really hit this app in the balls. changing my rating from 5 stars to 1 and in search of a more user_friendly file manager
es file explorer is my first choice of file manager but with these notification ads i guess not any more.
jack of all trades, master of none. the recent update is cancer. i have clean master to spam me with ads and notifications didn't need this too. uninstalled immediately and restored to older, much more functional version. i hope you guys realize nobody is putting up with this. i give it about a few months and you'll lose your top spot on the app store. also what's up with news, weather and facebook sidebar_ es file explorer is having an identity crisis. bs file explorer would be a more suitable name for now
it really doesn't get any better than this_ all the functionality you could ask for and more at no cost and free of ad spam or intrusive pop_ups.   excellent software_
get rid of the ads and i will give it a higher rating
sorry, but goodbye to this app after having used it for a long time. good luck with your ads and paid version_ i won't be one of your users anymore.
it serves the purpose for which it is designed for and no adverts_
been wanting a material design update for a year now _o but then u ruined it with the cleaner and ads uninstalled
i am a little upset that this app was giving me notifications about a cleaner feature, especially ones that look like advertisements. a better way would be to display it like as a 'whats new' when i open the app. also, i don't like that it suggests i remove thumbnails, i have plenty of storage space and would rather the speed that preloaded thumbnails offers. thankfully i can block popups in android or i would have uninstalled this app.
putting ads in the notification tray _ ugh. uninstalling now.  plus, your _material design_ overhaul is pure garbage.
well,  well,  it seems nowadays that it is trending to add a fricking cleaner in every app possible as well as adding _recommend apps_  and the usual ads. i hope this doesn't escalate into high levels of annoying advertising ,  now that you have announced a _paid version_.  this was a perfect app. it's no more.
well,  well,  it seems nowadays that it is trending to add a fricking cleaner in every app possible as well as adding _recommend apps_  and the usual ads. i hope this doesn't escalate into high levels of annoying advertising ,  now that you have announced a _paid version_.  this was a perfect app. it's no more.
and no more.  once a company ads malware to their app it over...
best file manager on android by far. i love browsing files off my pc. however, ads are everywhere now. i would gladly pay for an ad free option. i will certainly give that one 5 stars.
since es explorer added spam and bloatware i have switched to solid explorer and have never been happier with my decision. solid explorer has a more beautiful interface than this crap anyway. it's straight forward, it does exactly as advertised, a file manager.
junk cleaner ad. one star
was great, but the ads that suddenly appeared make it terrible. at least offer a premium version that doesn't have the weird spyware feel to it.
shocked as well to see additional apps and ads bundled into es. what happened guys_
you ruin your application by adding bloatware ads. wd _
it's now just advertising and not about frigging awesome file explorer anymore
the most recent update has added notification ads
it's no more the simple feature directed explorer. now it's full of adverts and has a full screen to promote unnecessary applications. even more, it's becoming intrusive. what a shame.
an excellent storage management app. pity the devs have decided to ruin it and spam their users with notification ads for crapware. latest version drops a notification to clean junk now_ wtf
i used it for years but wow. now it's just another bloated ad filled app like the go team apps. it's sad to see this happen to _what was_ such an amazing app.
remove ads and junk notifications
started pushing ads to my notifications, uninstall
es always be my main file explorer back from the froyo days, until you ruin it in the last 3 or 4 update,  now, there is a cleaner thingy on the homepage, can't remove homepage, ad, bloated, etc.. and there will be a paid version..i know u guys need money, i understand it.. time to switch to another then..thanks for this great app for years...
not interested in supporting an app that has no accountability for the ads it shows.
and now it has built_in bloatware ads. would not recommend.
used to swear by it_ now, swear at it. deceptive scareware pop_up ads in notifications_ not cool at all. back_revved to older version for now, which i still consider 5_. as of this new version, though_ this app is now broken.
thanks for the spam advertisement. this used to be my go_to file manager. no longer_
this used to be the gold standard file manager for android. then it started to get bloated _ why does a file manager need a home page_ but with the latest update, ads in the notification area _ what on earth were you thinking_ sadly uninstalling now.
this app now spams my notification list with ads more often than i use it. i'm not sure this app is worth the annoyance.
fallen king. there's the article on xda forum, called_ es file explorer _ a short story of a fallen king. read it _ no matter what you do, you will no longer be no.1. it's sad to see that, but you have become greedy, like many others. ads_ hey. money money. we will make a paid version you said, with no ads and homepage, that is just wtf _ you make me sick_
the app does what i need it to do and helps me organize my phone. it's never been buggy and it's really useful. exactly as advertised_
getting advertisements popping up from this app now, have used for _years_ but am now uninstalling . if you wanted me to pay , i would have but i'm not having bs ads on my phone.
getting advertisements popping up from this app now, have used for _years_ but am now uninstalling . if you wanted me to pay , i would have but i'm not having bs ads on my phone.
uninstalling because of forced adverts.
poor english gives the impression of poor quality. and i'm not liking the mentions of ads and a paid version. i may be about to uninstall this...
i don't want my homescreen to be begging me to _clean my files_. i don't want my apps page to be filled with ads. you guys had the best file manager, but it's just bloated with random features.
same way than clean master... great app there few years ago and now a bad slow app with bloatwares and ads... bye and switch to solid explorer now.
it was a great app until it started to show _junks found_ ad notification. _ uninstalled
highly disappointed that this otherwise excellent file manager has resorted to bundling bloatware. i'm fine with ads but at least offers a paid version that gets rid of them_ i'll give es a chance to redeem themselves but if this persists i'm switching to another file manager.
advertises junk file cleanup in a silent update_ what were you thinking_ uninstalled instantly.
before it spammed me with ads and deleted all of my downloads_
it used to be the best, now it's an ad infested crapware.   why_ ads_ es clean notifications that i never asked for_    sad day. bye bye es.
used to love this app but it has become way too complicated. why have a homepage_ i just wanna see my folders. and now that i have ads popping up in my notifications... uninstall.
yeah but this is not the one.clean tool is absoulte distraction.there is no paid version to remove the ad fueled knick knacks and finally never worked root addon.so long es,until you come to your roots
what's good_ clean interface, app manager and fast too. what's better_ auto clearing of cache, prompt and friendly user support even though app is free. what's new_ higher memory usage and app advertising. i have to bring down the rating for the advertisement which was not there from day one.
i've been a long time user of es but now that it displays ad notifications i'm removing it from all my devices.
was great before they snuck in modification ads and background data theft....
it became bloated, then it started showing ads in the notification bar, never acceptable. i'm sure they will advertise a paid version soon that will be like the free version last year. seems to be the new way to cash in for developers.
it became bloated, then it started showing ads in the notification bar, never acceptable. i'm sure they will advertise a paid version soon that will be like the free version last year. seems to be the new way to cash in for developers.
used to be a great file manager, but recently started showing bloatware ads in the notifications. i don't mind ads inside free apps, but putting junk in notifications even when i'm not using the app is absolutely not acceptable. uninstalling and looking for an alternative.
has all that you need from a file explorer and amazing ui. no pesky ads or bloatware
this is a great app, but recently it started showing 'ads' in my notification drawer that said i had junk to clean up on my phone. it is not ok to put ads of any sort outside of the app, especially as a notification. it wasn't even clear which app was doing this and i had to hunt for it _hint, long press on the notification to find out which app is showing it_. so, great app, lots of great tools, but make sure to turn off its notification access _lollipop and above_.
i have been using es file explorer for quite a few years now however i noticed apps being pushed to my device with bloatware.  i have now moved to fx file explorer. its much better and you won't be bombarded with ads.  very disappointing of es global
ads are fine. spam push is taking it too far.
cant get out of ad loaded first screen. and this pos ask for rating every second.
has been a good app over the years, but recent updates include an adware pop_up on the home screen recommending a _clean up._ this is bad practice. keep the ads inside your app please. uninstalled.
so you're making paid version in which we can remove homepage_ you dont take away things that were free for 5 years and make people pay for them. i would be more than happy to buy full version just to support you and be ad free _dont rly care about that_ but not if you do this policy. after 5 years im sadly switching to different explorer. btw. xda feels same way, you got featured on front page xd
been using esfx  for a while now and have always been impressed with how the developers are always adding in just enough to satisfy their faithful users. the recent addition of a junk cleaner and it's companion notification is one such addition. not everyone who uses an android device knows where the junk is hiding_ they just know their space is disappearing. esfx helps figure it out. besides, to those who deleted important files, esfx only selects ad junk and the more_than_useless thumbnails by default _ one has to actually select your own files manually to delete them. esfx is an unbelievably useful app for its price _ zero _d . thank you for all the hard work.
notifications, ads, cluttered design have all snuck into this app somehow. it used to be simple, functional and great. now it's just functional, so it's painful to say goodbye, but there are better choices now.
app is now adware. displays ads in notification bar. i am uninstalling.
loved it until v4. could have just added paid option, but no, they decided it was better to bloat the app with thinly veiled ads.
was a really solid app, but now the default windows can't be customized, i can't get rid of the home screen, the little orange present in the bottom right corner won't go away.  after i did a cleanup there was an ad on the results screen... it's on the path from a lightweight but powerful tool to just another clunky ad filled app.
push ads _ no
why are you filling this once great app with bloat_ loved this app, but if you want_need money, why not ask_ i switched to es because there weren't ads, but now it's not worth it. please don't bring this app down just because of poor decisions. remember that your users should be the importance not the money. i would gladly _donate_ money for this app but will not deal with the ads. until then, uninstalling....
now have pop_up ads telling me i have _106mb junks found. recommend to clean_
used to be useful and didn't bother me when it wasn't open. now contains ads in the notifications.
was useful until this started. heard it also data mines in the background. screw this, going to an ad based or paid app.
latest update ads advertising notifications...
latest update ads advertising notifications...
this was a great tool until the most recent update. now there's annoying notification ads telling me of all the _junks found._ i'll be rolling back to a previous, less invasive version of es because i use it often. if i knew of a comparable alternative, i'd switch to that.
even when the app isn't running is displays ads in the notification bar. you just lost a long time user. i have no tolerance for spam. uninstalled. what a pity.
does as advertised.  started using it with my s4 and it helped me understand android filing systems. now with the note 5, i can really keep this device clean and trouble free.
used to be a great app, now it's just bloatware. randomly popped up a notification to _clean my phone_ along with ads for other _useful_ apps. i uninstalled it immediately.
as of the latest update, this has begun showing ads in my notification tray. that's completely unacceptable to me, and i'm immediately uninstalling.
notification ads caused me to uninstall this app. a pity as what was once a great file manager is now a bloated mess.
suddenly pushing ads to my device_ yeah, don't think so. uninstalled...
common this is pure garbage. who wants these popup ads. i am giving you a week. then i will uninstall if i keep seeing this, i'll have to find a different file manager.
no good, if you want us to pay to remove the ads just say it_ but plz hurry i don't like spam.
i had this installed on my phone and just forgot about it. latest update is asking me to _clean_ my phone. terrible, intrusive advertising_ deleted_
spammy. puts ads onto notification screen. avoid
junk cleaner, notification, ads, ..
es sells data gathered from your device to ad companies in china. annoying _clean device_ notification.  uninstalled.
this has notification ads, uninstall it
ads in the notification drawer. uninstalled and will never use again.
loved this app until the notification ads started with the latest update. it is now uninstalled
how such a great program could fall so hard and so fast, in 1 update. as others have said, it is now malware, full of ads and nonremovable bloat. i had to uninstall. quite sad.
was the best utility for managing system files. use it with filezila on a pc and nothing is better. last set of updates however introduced _clean now_. this has tried to delete important app data for an app i use. this is very annoying, two clicks and oops, the data is gone forever. please allow disabling of clean junk files or at least bury it in the app. also blotware button added_ a little icon at bottom that does not go away used to add ads. intrusion alert_
there is nothing wrong with my phone. do not lie to me. do not use notifications to advertise.
works great,no ads,easy interface...what more can you ask for.
please remove push ads
notification ads are prohibited. violation of google's use policy. reporting this. also, really disappointed.
bad bloatware_ uninstalling. apparently those notification ads are against google's policy. going to report this as a violation.
recently a dodgy looking notification started popping up on my system, on further research not only was this app responsible, but apparently it mines your data for advertising companies. absolutely horrendous _ look elsewhere.
supposedly this app datamined and sold your info until an update blocked it. now it does obnoxious ads in your notifications. uninstall, move along.
woke up this morning with a notification to clean _junks_. poor english made me suspect malware. eventually i found that this app now has ads but they are showing up in notification even though it is not allowed by my permission policy. was a good app. now i'm deleting and looking for a replacement.
added bloatware with notification ads in the last update. guess it is time to find a new file explorer.
the app itself is really solid, my go_to app for file management, but the spam ad notifications, why_ makes it seem trash tier. gonna switch to a different file manager now _
have used program for years, but recently started having ads and spam pop up in my notification bar _... junks found_ recommend to clean_.  that crosses the line for me.
now getting ads in my notification bar. if you want my money just make a paid version and i'd gladly pay for it, don't turn me into the product . uninstalled.
what the hell happened here_ ads_ junk cleanup notifications that i can't turn off_ used to be hands down the best file manager out there and is now one of the worst. give me back my simple file manager. i don't mind paying for it to get rid of the ads but i'm not having any apps that i can't turn off notifications on my machines. uninstalling at least until the two major issues above are solved.
notification ad _ change review from 5_ to 1_ _ uninstall
recently an update they added notification ads. it also added some junk cache cleaner i never asked for. immediately uninstall.
was a great, functional app, then it added a notification ad on my unlock screen without a way to disable said ad. the notification ad tried to direct me to the app's junk cleaning feature, which wanted to delete everything in my downloads folder. i don't have time for an app that forces these kind of unwanted, unneeded ads.
this app used to be my go_to file manager app, but now that it is displaying ads _links to features_ in my notifications, i'm going to find an alternative. i don't need yet more entries filling up my notification bar_ i think it's a very intrusive method of advertising _ i don't mind in_app ads but ones displayed externally from the app is not what i want _and judging by the other reviews at the moment, neither do others_. unfortunate change to what was previously a great file manager app _
this app used to be my go_to file manager app, but now that it is displaying ads _links to features_ in my notifications, i'm going to find an alternative. i don't need yet more entries filling up my notification bar_ i think it's a very intrusive method of advertising _ i don't mind in_app ads but ones displayed externally from the app is not what i want _and judging by the other reviews at the moment, neither do others_. unfortunate change to what was previously a great file manager app _
my previous review was a genuine 5 stars. now it's bloatware and harvests your data for ad providers. uninstalling.
i used es for almost 3 years, but now the ads come and annoying. switched o another file manager_
...but now it's mainly a cleaner app with a file explorer being a small part of it. yes i do understand that these popups are not ads, but nevertheless i don't need my file explorer sneaking in the background counting my files. and no, the files in my download folder are not junk. uninstalling, before a future update begins actually deleting my files without asking.
was a really solid app, but now the default windows can't be customized, i can't get rid of the home screen, the little orange present in the bottom right corner won't go away.  after i did a cleanup there was an ad on the results screen... it's on the path from a lightweight but powerful tool to just another clunky _all in one_ app.
unobtrusive advertising is acceptable. active interference and aggressive promotion are deal breakers. no way to turn off junk _cleaner_. back off the hot app promo crap. offer a paid version instead. this sucks.
i have been using es for over a year now and its the best app to use for cleaning junk background files that some of us don't even know we have existing on our mobiles. also lots of other great features not yet explore but know about. ad free and free, what more can i ask for. love it.
i raved about it being amazing and ad_free, _complaining_ about there being no way to contribute or donate... if you want money, make a pro version... don't introduce spyware and ads. uninstalled... what a shame.
at least offer an option to get rid of your forced ads, paid or otherwise. loved this app for years
this was a fantastic app before recent updates added a bogus _cleaner_ function with forced notifications. it tried to delete my backup files. this formerly great app is now a vehicle for ads promoting spamming junkware. look for the developer's name to change to cheetah mobile.
in_app ad supported content is fine, as long as it's obvious ad space. however, the es world team recently allowed ads to be part of notifications like they were some scumbag app developer. there is no excuse for adding that. the app has been slowly getting worse by adding unnecessary clutter and confusing ui. many are dropping the app, and it's not long before this app is remembered as another one that was lost to greed.
it works smoothly and without annoying ads.
the homepage forces itself on you without an obvious way to get rid of it. the new cleaner feature is suspicious. the recommended apps in the app manager are basically ads. i don't trust this app with root anymore. fx explorer is a great alternative, not free, but it's worth it.
the ads baked in ruin this once great app. have used this for years, but now it's getting uninstalled and i'm going to another file manager.
lastest few updates have introduced bloatware, adverts, a horrible homepage ans features that state they work when they do not. on top of that, it is using far more battery than it used to. will wait a couple of months to see if they fix it, otherwise uninstalling for poor quality now. very sad considering i had this since it was out on android 1.3...
...now filled with bloat, notifications for ads and services i don't want...uninstalling immediately.
was brilliant until the last update, wich brought up this shady 124mb junks found, recomended to clean ad. too bad, i liked it before.
they've begun to push notification ads, why is this allowed_
seriously_ ads in notifications_ thanks for thinking a pretty decent app_
i don't mind ads in the app,  but when your crap starts popping up in my notification area,  time to uninstall.
unacceptable notification advertising.
this app now displays ads in the notification bar without notifying you.
the latest version is popping up ads with no warning as to this change. uninstalled.
have been using this app for years and suddenly it started showing ads in the notification shade. uninstalled immediately.
in the most recent update, the developer has added ads using android's notification system. ads are served outside of the app, which is inexcusable. do not install this app.
this used to be a good app, but the developer was sending usage data back without permission _i.e. it's spyware_. then came the spam ad notifications. not cool. i'll never touch this companies products again.
it was a great app, but with the latest update i got a push notification advertising file cleaning. this has lost my trust now.
this app was great for years, but now with 4.0.3 they've added notification ads. it's getting uninstalled right now, time to move on to something that doesn't spam.
gave me an advertisement on lockscreen
this app was great for tracking down lost.dir files, but i have now deleted it. the most recent update comes with bloatware offering to clean your phone. do not download this. i suspect it was sending data in the background previously, but is now forced to show ads because of marshmallow.
i now hate this app because now it have lot of bloat wares and unnecessary ads. use solid explorer instead.
just got an ad notification, press and hold to find out it came from this app. uninstalling.
added bloat and ads. recommended apps in a file explorer_ no.
puts advertisements in notifications bar so they can earn money when your not using the app
use to be my favorite nonroot explorer. so many ads now and pops ups ads. after 5 years it is time to find another file explorer.
now i am getting spammy notifications offering to clean up _junks_ files.  all i want is a simple file browser. they advertise _powerful features make everything possible_.  i call bs.  uninstall.
i stress the word was_ what is with the cleaner program and all the ads. now looking for an app that just does file management.
with this amount of ads and bloatware... it's a very bad ending to a good start.
i loved this file manager untill today now its full of adds has a cleaner built in no option go download it seperate. if that's not bad enough i can't enable root browser on my rooted xperia z5 yet every other root out works perfectly. i could overlook the ads and bloatware but now its just a ugly file manager no root.
later. that's just lame. how dare you pop_up notifications that are crappy ads.
best file manager ever. i love browsing files off my pc. ads everywhere, now.
used to be amazing, uninstalled due to unwanted push notification ads from recent update. terrible mistake es, terrible mistake...
this multifaceted bloated app's cleaner deleted 600 mb of my data which is now lost. would have been better as a file explorer than whatever it is now.  used this app on all devices for a long time but i think i'll be better off with a simpler app that does not bother you with ads on startup or unnecessary addons.
no good, if you want us to pay to remove the ads just say it_ but plz hurry i don't like spam.
i have been using this app for years and loved it.  now i get a malware like ad that junks are found.  this app is apparently the junk and will be promptly removed. if you are going to allow spam in your program at least have somebody translate it to proper english.
i've used this app for years simply because it was the best. when i saw a notification ad in my notification panel, the last thing i expected is that would be from es file explorer. i guess all good things come to an end... uninstalled_
but minus a star due to homepage and cleaner. please ad the option to turn off and we're back to five stars.
now not lightweight. keep scanning although i don't want it to scan anything. now a bloatware. too many features that should have been toggleable.... i don't need any cleaning but it was forced on the homepage. and what the heck happened to the toolbox on the old layout_ it opens ad shiz instead of the real toolbox.
used to be such a great app but they have ruined it by adding bloatware and notification drawer ads. avoid this app.
i use es as a must app. you can do almost everything with es. just dont junk file anything that installed, just orphan file that is left behind. ads _ love ads when you know what you're interested in, ask uncle google and he'll tell you everything. hope you dont add clean up task and hope get better update. one problem that i sometimes experience is disconnect remote manager, rarely, but sometimes annoying when you left for 30 min and hope you got your files transfered, and voila, not conneced.
screw your spam ads. disappointed. uninstalled.
what has gone wrong_ app is now pushing ads and useless notifications_
any app that uses notifications for advertising or spyware does not deserve more than one star
it's spamming ads in my notification tray _ 'xx mb junk found.  click to clean_'
this used to be a great app, but if you need to support it with ads, make sure they're only inside the app, not in my notification bar. i'd pay to remove in_app ads, but notification ads mean i can't trust the developer. uninstalling.
was great until recently with that crap spam and ads
pretty much what the title says. previous versions were great, getting around some of the limitations in the default file manager. now i'm being bombarded with ads and some 'cleaner' tool that i don't want and haven't worked out how to disable.
these ads and junks i see and the unremovable homepage is not the thing that es file manager was and should be if you guys need money or something so include in_app purchase, pro version or something not to destroy the app like this. i thought that the es global team devs are different but i think i was wrong.
ads appeared on my notification area after the last update. this is violating google's terms regarding ads.
functions just as advertised. no intrusive notices.
will improve score once the ads are gone
got a push notification for some junk cleaner as soon as it updated, used to be a good app but is now being deleted for advertising.
used to be a fantastic app, but recent updates started filling it with spam ads for cleaners and notifications.
full of spammy ads.
uninstalling because of the ad. it was a good app, now ruined.
u can plays ad while file explorering but no to notification. but dont like the cleaner in notification bar... i thought it was a ad spam
update makes me not want to use this app anymore.  became a bloated ad factory.
i don't like the new cleaner option taking prime position on the home page.  i really want to be able to turn this off.  i really dislike the recommended apps at the top of my apps list.  i suppose an ad free no payment file explorer was too much to expect to stay like that.  i hate ads and recommendations i don't want to see.
please change it so you can hide the junk cleaner from the home page and bottom buttons. the cleaner wants to remove files in my downloads folder which i want to keep. also, the apps page is not useful and gets in the way. there's already a list of installed apps in android and in the settings, why duplicate it and add ads for apps i don't want_ all of this is making this great app more annoying and bloated.
notification ads
sent an advertisement to my notifications bar. very sad. really enjoyed this app, now i will be uninstalling it.
hate the cleaner add_on spamming my notification bar with 'ads'. removed your application until you remove it.
ads now appearing in notification bar. uninstalled_
this thing rocks_ please let me pay you for it before you get stupid and put ads in it. dumped astro and wish i had found this sooner.
they made an awesome app for free and keep giving us cool tools to help keep our devices in top form still free no ads its crazy i'll have to find a way to support them
no other words.   just like browsing and managing your files on a pc.  the new feature, cleaner, works well.  no need to install cm cleaner which drains battery and floods you with ads.  this is still my favorite app since years ago.
displaying notification ads after latest update. immediate uninstall and 1 star rating. not cool.
this was great for years. now you add pop up advertisements in my notifications_ bye_bye. uninstalled.
getting ads about deleting junk files on my droid turbo.  uninstalled today.
no ads. excellent app.
some functions trigger big in_your_face ads. i'm never using this program again, no matter how good it is. it's also suffering from feature creep.
this went from the best file manager with samba support to an ad infested, bloated filled false advertisement. don't be fooled by the rating as it is a one star app now and not the five star app it was.
this went from the best file manager with samba support to an ad infested, bloated filled false advertisement. don't be fooled by the rating as it is a one star app now and not the five star app it was.
you had a great thing going and ruined it with advertising and adding features to bloat the product.  uninstalling and moving to astro.
this was my preferred file management app, but since ads started appearing, i've had to rethink that. on to astro.
like so many apps this one has passed  its prime. it was by far the best file explorer out there,  but now every update makes it worse and worse. even worse is the fact that the devs now promise a pro version, to remove unwanted features.  4 year user, that will now uninstall this in favor of a backed up version with clean homepage, no ads,  no crap.   avoid this like the plague.
it seems the dev adding more and more bloatware everytime there's an update. it makes the app more heavier to operate than before. not to mention the useless app suggestion, more ads in the future_
using this for file managemeny. but now task manager have much better functionaloties. recommended for everyone. its also ads free.
this used to be the _goto app_ for me on new roms.  since the update that added the forced _home_ page, the advertisements, and the general slowness_crap i've found myself not using it anymore.  2 stars for nostalgia and functioning _albeit poorly_, newest version is a 0_star.  if you want to be reinstalled to my devices, please remove the forced home page, the bloat, and the advertisements.  there are way too many free alternatives which don't do these things that are going strong.
this is the best and most feature rich file manager i've used on android. it has almost all functionality one can expect from a file manager and more,  which makes me wonder how have the developers managed to fit so many bells _ whistles into this small sized app. thank you es dev team for making this wonderful gem of an app. although i would love a material dark theme. update_ in your face cleaner _ app ads have resulted in ratings downgrade. don't bloat your wonderful app make this functionality optional
my onedrive cloud folder not opening says _not found_....   new bigger advertisement is worst thing ever ... i think you guys should please give new update as soon as possible ... i don't wanna search for any other file manager app...
latest version now has ads and other crap.  please revert to previous.  introduce paid and free versions if needed, but don't ruin what was a great app.
add owncloud support_ we need it. and delete stupid cleaner _ default homepage _ ads.
the app is a scam _ full of advertising
ads everywhere. also the irritating unnecessary cleaner feature deleting my important files. please remove the cleaner. it sucks.
description says it all. from best to terrible in 2 _updates_. from a real app to advertising dreck. bye_bye.
this used to be my favorite file browser. with the update all my settings are gone, there's that stupid homepage, it wants to clean important files, and everywhere ads. no_ going back to an older version.
starting with ads manny users hate that sooner  or later people will change in other app dont ruined this app  with ads
why ads_ pls provide paid solution without ads
maybe i can live with some little ads, but the main page is forced_ seriously_ i'm out.
ads ruining the once perfect file explorer
best file manager ever. i'm glad it's free. however i'm getting concerned with the ads starting to show up. first it's recommended apps then a cleaner function that also offers apps that i don't want or use. please if you're going to have to do the adware affair give the option to opt out. please be different from the rest, that's what's made es explorer great. now the clean up icon is stuck on the explorer page at all times. i'm getting very close to finding a new manager.
wish it did root editing without rooting, but i am loving it. i can browse drives on my pc. xd edited_ why ads why_ _
becomes more and more annoying because of ads and bloats.
that floating _ icon at bottom was nice to add files and folders, replacing it with a useless cleaner is not_ homepage_ okay, i get it i can set 'home' as default startup page instead of using homepage, but then why it still remains their_  if i don't use it, why can't i just remove it_ i'm okay with few ads but don't want a file manager full with bloatware. what are you guys thinking_
... anyway to clean up the ads. we now get using the new _clean now_ section_
absolute garbage...horrible theme......and now ads ads ads ads ads ads.....ive learnt the hard way to backup all apps before i update so that i can uninstall and reinstall the good old downdate_
now there are ads everywhere, its slow, and basically useless. used to be great, now terrible.
i tried editor's choice file explorer and realized this app is far better than it. no limitation, no ads so far. i love advanced features like network integration and cloud services, file encryption and storage analysis.
scroll bar issue _finally_ fixed. now usable with large file lists again. back to four stars. lose a star for the advertising screens. but a free program has to make it somehow, right_
what is with the cleaner_ i don't want that, i won't use it, but i can't get rid of it. the advertising seems more pronounced too. i don't like the direction this is going.    _   my old 5 star review_ fantastic. my most used app. file explorer, wi_fi transfers, download manager, cloud storage access, music player, video player, casting, picture viewer... you can replace 8 or 9 other apps with this if you want.
i have used many file explorers. but i really appreciate es file explorer developers. they have put every thing which you can think of in a very effective way. you will never be disappointed. giving 4_stars because recent update included ads extensively.
it was the best. but since the last update, it starts to show some annoying ads.
a perfect file and app manager for years just got ruined. forced homepage and ads in apps tab make it similar to another file manager. no reason to have es now. will switch to another file manager. good bye es_
great app until recent update. too many recent annoying changes. for example, can't stand the in_your_face ad page_ plus i already have an app that cleans  junk files. and who wants a link to youtube or google news from a file manager_ update_ a prompt update by the developer improved things. at least the in_your_face ads are gone. thank you. will use app a while before restoring my five star rating. hope things improve or i will have to find a dedicated file manager.
the developer believes we need help erasing our own personal files. your app was great. you've completely ruined it by adding useless features that we don't want, need nor asked for. i don't want 'homepage', it's useless. i don't want this stupid cleaning and scanning feature and above all, i don't want ads or suggested apps_ what is the matter with you_ back to 3.2.5.5 _asks for my location_ or i might even get rid of this sh_tty app altogether and try something different like fx file explorer_
no longer the app it onc was. i'm uninstalling and will use the stock file manager on my phone. at least it doesn't have bloat ware and adverts. please remove cleaner from the homepage, since it is already on the settings menu.
disapointed with recent updates. please at least make a paid _premium_ version that does not have ads, home _ the cleaner. i will gladly pay for that.
the developer believes we need help erasing our own personal files. your app was great. you've completely ruined it by adding useless features that we don't want, need nor asked for. i don't want 'homepage', it's useless. i don't want this stupid cleaning and scanning feature and above all, i don't want ads or suggested apps_ back to 3.2.5.5_ what is the matter with you_
once a simple file explorer, now an ad generator.
i loved this app. i'd love to pay money for what it used to be. instead i'm off to pay for root explorer instead. i've had it with free apps, it always ends in pain. don't kid yourself that this will ever go  back to what it was. it's gone, it's history. today, one of the apps it was advertising was 'asian date'. sexploitation, probably. it will get worse.
i think i have to switch to a different app or maybe an older version because you have polluted this with advertisement. i loved that old es file explore which is now gone _
just updated to the new version and suddenly have ads for _suggested apps_ at the top of the list of my apps.   seriously_  this is a app that has access to all of my data and even my home nas and you are now polluting and compromising it with junk like this_  uninstalling and reverting back to the old ad free version_
deal clincher_ i can copy files from my home network to my phone _and vice versa_. full featured app with no ads. get it_ update_ now forces its own _homepage_ which is annoying_
still best file manager, but seeing ads in something i paid for isn't cool
what is up with that cleaner thing being shoved in my face_ i would prefer you add an in app purchase or a donate button. i'll give you money, you deserve it, just stop with the ad. also, the menu is now gray background on gray text on my nexus 6p. doesn't do it on the nexus 9.
desperately requires an option to pay for not being subjected to advertising.  would benefit from the ability to disable home screen and cleaner. a great pity. this used to be excellent.
enough is enough.  i've been using es file explorer since android 2.0, but the recent update_s_ have ruined the application.  the homepage that you can't disable or modify and you always have to click through to get to your files was pretty annoying, but a single tap got your past it.  i didn't like it, but i could almost live with it.  what broke this camel's back was the spammy _clean up_ feature which presents options to clean out various folders like downloads.  after running it, you're presented with an ad page hawking various other applications of dubious merit.  it left a really bad taste in my mouth, like warmed_over spam.  so four years later, i uninstalled es and chose to pay for a spam_free file manager instead.  if es had an ad_free, homepage_free pay version, i might reconsider.  it retains three stars because it's still the most functional, fastest file manager out there, even if it's not the prettiest or slickest.  i'm just too annoyed to bother with it anymore.
after this latest update everything changes. you just started advertising _ things got messy. now 'homepage' _ 'home' windows are nonremovable. with advertising it eats my data as well as speed. m just gonna get the older apk file _ will never update again. thumb down
so horrible and worst update i've ever seen_ creating cleaner with ads are so very disappointing... together with the default windows_ move to other file manager.. it's been a long road i've used this app, bye_
this file manager is a decent piece  of software, but the dev team keeps finding sneaky and annoying ways to try and increase the in_your_face ads which mask themselves as features.  in particular the app cleaner feature that was supposed to be _improved_, the app manager and the new home screen are simply in the way.  it's really sad when adding more features to an app makes it feel more like a demo version.
i've always felt i should pay for this app. es has had the best features and most intuitive interface... no longer. being forced to view a homepage, then accidentally navigating to a page full of ads for other apps means it's time to find a new file manager.
i love this apps and really rely on it, but it seems like it's really starting to turn into adware. i don't want my file manager _recommending_ apps to me. i guess the devs have to monetize some how, but i'd probably rather have banners that look like ads than ads masquerading as features.
works as advertised
like the junk cleaner. but y on earth do u have to incorporate ads in it. that just makes me wanna uninstall right away_
best file manager ever. i'm glad it's free. however i'm getting concerned with the ads starting to show up. first it's recommended apps then a cleaner function that also offers apps that i don't want or use. please if you're going to have to do the adware affair give the option to opt out. please be different from the rest, that's what's made es explorer great.
my number one file explorer. excellent even compared to paid ones. update_ now with ad window. can i pay you 10 bucks to get rid of it_ _
with the latest update...i was shocked to see the homepage carry all unnecessary buttons like clean etc...and also fonts size have increased... i also find many irritable ads all around now...please rectify it or ppl will move to other apps
great app until recent update. too many recent annoying changes. for example, can't stand the in_your_face ad page_ plus i already have an app that cleans  junk files. and who wants a link to youtube or google news from a file manager_ i be looking for a less intrusive file manager, one that does one thing well_
this app needs a paid version without ads. the ads is just too much at this point.
i've been using es file manager for last one year. it was  one of the best file manager available in the play store but now i can't say that anymore as they have introduced annoying advertising like other useless cleaner apps. this is not what is expected from es.
the view suck can find settings to change theme and don't like the integrated ads had to uninstall it and go with the cupcake
hate the new update. the forced home screen is useless. the clean up feature is bad. and the advertising in my files are annoying.
there's a homepage, you have to click through first. and there's a built in cleaner that nobody wants. and there's ads popping up all over it. i just deleted it. done_
works as advertised
it would be 5 stars if it were not for that now put ads
i've used es file explorer since cupcake. i've watched the app evolve, and it was an unbeatable file manager for years. unfortunately, latest updates have turned the app into ad rubbish, and there's not even an option to pay for a premium version that will cut out all the extraneous stuff. moving on to different options.
this app has been the most useful thing i've seen. but lately it's getting worst_ the developers are forcing more and more features that can't be turned off and it seems only one step until it's packed with ads and other useful stuff. i'm starting to look for alternatives now...
too many ads
i shouldn't have to elaborate further. if the developers in truth don't get this, i'll be happy to do so. politely. i'm guessing this is an advertisement fueled move. which is fine. just not user friendly. will add back my initial rating, if this gets attention. this is a great piece of software at its core.
this is a decent file manager but i can only assume the reason actions are tied to ads with no way to remove them results in more regular revenue
easy app to use. keep track of, organize and view files. intuitive app, much better than the app that came on my samsung smartphone. for some idiotic reason i tried another app _solid agent_ and after actually looking at it i will not bother again. this app does everything and without ads. you can search for files and copy_paste or move files. you can create libraries of files or folders you frequently use, including internet sites. the best app_
i used to love this app. it does everything i need but hate all the ads and app suggestions. uninstalling as soon as i find an alternative. bye_
can't get rid of the homepage which puts me one swipe away from where i need to be. it's also becoming alot more like a ad infested cheetah mobile app.
if you purchase any android devices then this is the first app you like to have in your device.  this not only the best app and also multi functional that really  needed. and yes ad free _
ads ruined, that's it.
as advertised and more. even better if you're rooted.
no ads, no bloat, no problems
forced home screen, ads in menu, erasing default setting. this is turning out to be the crap i must remove from my system
still the best explorer for me. lightweight, efficient, can literally do anything you'll want to do. but recently.... they add too many features that should have been toggleable.... i don't need any cleaning but it was forced on the homepage. and what the heck happened to the toolbox on the old layout_ it opens ad shiz instead of the real toolbox.
the only thing i didn't like about the latest version is the use of ads. other than that, it's great and supports many remote file protocols as well.
nasty update ever. no need to integrate cleaner and stupid ads like cleanmaster
ads everywhere_
_so useful. can't say anything bad about it.' _update_ now i can say something bad about it, namely the new cleaning feature. it's really annoying to constantly see that huge button on the top of the homepage. thanks, but i can figure out when files need deleting. at least let us remove that button if we choose. still the best file manager i've used, just not sure the direction the devs are going is the best. _1 star for that unecessary cleaning feature and advertising that's creeping its way into the app.
useful app.. free.. no ads..
was the best file explorer available. now has forced homepage and unwanted cleaner and ads. if you need funding put out a paid version, i would be willing to purchase it. in the meantime i am rolling back to an older version.
used to be an awesome file manager, now it's just bloated ad infested junk with lots of dangerous features nobody wants or needs. the interface got crappy to with the useless home page. this is supposed to be a _file manager_ that lets you access and manage your files, nothing else. go back to your roots or lose users. now even with permission to kill any arbitrary app, like wtf_ this is not supposed to be a task manager....
at core a good manager but every update adds more adverts and more bloat, even removing features. it's becoming unusable.
new update looks like your company is going the cleanmaster route. i've uninstalled them as well, i don't like stuff being forced on me, you guys already ruined it with ads now this silly clean master crap is over board.. root explorer is looking real good right now. bottom line if you don't fix this you will lose a lot of users_ seems you've forgotten the people who made you successful
used to be good, now it has ads, im willing to pay for a version without ads
add an option to disable cleaner completely _or better remove it completely_, remove those ads and the font size of homepage has become big and looks ugly. also i don't want forced default windows.
was the best there is. now it's slow and has more ads in than time square.
i told you that because you started publishing ads on your task killer i would remove all es strong apps_ you've lost me completely.  paid or unpaid . . . i'm  gone.
the cleaner said that media files won't be removed but it got rid of all the pictures i saved from facebook and other apps. es isn't good anymore. it now has ads and got dumb new functionalities. switched to solid explorer. gonna uninstall this piece of s_.
now it's filled with spammy _features_ and ads. goodbye, es. there's still nothing as fully_featured, but at least it isn't junk.
amazing set of tools that does everything except brew coffee. the browser alone is worth the download, as i've yet to find a plugin it doesn't like. if i had one critism, and it is only a tiny one, i'd like ad blocking on the browser, but i'm willing to live with it because that's what you do when you are in love.
here are the reasons why i started to dislike this app_ 1. useless homepage is being forced on the user. 2. big icons and _clean_ button _ both look ugly. 3. junk scanner and ads on the apps page _ useless again. 4. does not follow google's material design. the new ui is ugly.  this once awesome app has been ruined completely.
the homepage is forced, and the scanner deletes potentially wanted files. my windows have disappeared, and restoring es settings doesn't do anything to change this. i haven't seen them yet, but others are saying they introduced ads. may have to consider alternatives if the devs don't wise up. considering they are based in china, i doubt they are listening to feedback. from 5 stars to 1.
been using it just a few minutes and am very pleased with the file management related things i've already been able to do. looked around and saw several folders easily. cleaned up a few files. looking forward to cutting lots of files from their default location and moving them to an otg usb storage device to free up space on my phone. from what i've seen already that should be easy. the help file was helpful too lol. would be happy to pay for this app if they had an ad free version.
frustrating that it's been mangled, but ads inside the interface_ the app tool is now populated with _recommended aps_. why_ now i really can't trust that you haven't put something else in without telling us... i loved the clean, easy to use interface. have had this on my _must have_ list since the earliest versions.  for some reason the devs wanted to make it into something besides a file manager, and now it's a bloated, ugly, windows vista. i suppose i need to find a new file manager now.
forcing default windows_ recommended apps in app library_ a bullshit junk cleaner on the forced homepage_ i've been using this app for years, because i loved it's straight to business feel, no ads, no misleading features. if this doesn't get fixed, i'm out.
why cleaner is the main priority_ want to disable it. don't wanna see it in homepage. instead of fixingto bug, you are now giving ads
it just works. exactly what a file manager should do.  edit_ seems to have gotten away from the point and into adverts for things i don't care about. that's ok. i've saved an apk of the last version i liked and will not update this app ever again. i really don't understand why the devs would do this. i see damage control posts now, but use some common sense to begin with and just leave annoying things out by default. if some weird user wants pointless tabs, that should be his choosing, not the default.
ads and bloatware_cleaner_    no thanks. if any function takes increased amount of steps to do than it did before, then you've broken your software, people notice and leave that sinking ship. my point_  get rid of homescreen that isn't customisable and fire the group that came up with the bad, stupid, inept ideas. where's the quality control_  really_
get rid of that advertisement garbage and give back control. looking for alternative file managers now since you're ruining this one.
new version shows garbage ads on first page and you can't avoid it... i uninstall.
forced to go to homepage.new homepage sucks.removed sort and view button.most important from toolbar and put it hidden. app manager loaded with ads.what happened to you es.switch to another project. don't go after the money.
this app most be under new management or something. now ads, cleaning features_ useless_ i'll stay with an older version.. no ads.. no cleaning features... no bloatware..older version good_ and wont update _
useless update of unnecessary _improvements_  wth_ i almost deleted some necessary files with the cache cleaner that isn't needed, or wanted. i have one that is 10 x's better and don't want another. the ability to place items into the recycle bin was perfect. also, why are recommended apps plastered across the top of the app locker page_ they are ads and i paid for the ad_free version. i had just given a rating of 5 stars while it was updating, but quickly downgraded it to 1 star after opening it. one of the many reasons i liked this app was due to the streamlined look and the absence of bloat ware. you had a near perfect app before the update, but you ruined it with the unnecessary _improvements._  please change it back to how it was prior to this update. thank you.
please bring back the good old apps, it's now too much ads
i know this a free app but it is not ok to add so many ads in this update...
this app is getting shittier by the day. what's with the big clean on the homepage of the app _ more and more useless features are getting added to this app in the form of ads. this app was so useful and pretty earlier but now i guess i have to look at other apps. you suck _
was my favorite file manager. it had every feature one needed. but things going weird now. loads of ads.
ads are too boring
i haven't seen any unwanted ads or features. just a file exploring workhorse.
thank you for making a great app super useful tool just don't put to many ads or spyware if you need money just sell the app but make it and keep it clean of any junk i will not have problem paying for it
the app works, but like other people are saying, the new update ruined it. added ad like _app suggestions_ and added an unnecessary cleaner, which when finished gave you more _app suggestions_. what happened_ this is how you lose a user.
nice app, but where it says _your device needs cleaning_ it seems like a scammy ad, there's no point you're not making money from that feature. i'm fine with cleaner being in tools though.
this used to be one of my top 5 apps, a swiss army knife app.  but the latest update plants a cross_app marketing ad for clean master in place of valuable screen real estate.  get rid of the ad or i'll get rid of this app.
works and does what is advertised.
my go to file explorer. lots of features, easy to use, file transfer is awesome. and it's not generic or full of ads because it's built by a dev.
it does all i need, security, compression, everything, with no issues and minimal ads
this is just absolute bullshit. i don't like the changes if adding ads and bloatware into the app. this slows down my low_end device and eats my data. i am glad to have backups... because i will use them. when free apps go paid or add ads, it sucks really bad. if you want money then add donations option, but don't strip out features or put ads or make it a trial. oh and by the way, es also has spyware called baidu_
nice to know where storage space is wasted with the cleaner, but is it about to become an ad magnet
because of ads and they really screwed up by destroying our color schemes. it wasn't broke but they broke it. we users want a dark theme to slow the destruction of our retinas. seems app developers do not respect that.
it's starting to look like those cm apps filled with non_intrusive ads. hope this app will revert like it was before i get another file manager. also, update the api to at least lollipop and get a better looking material design look.
the _recommended apps_ bar is a _very large_ ad in all but name and mars an otherwise excellent file manager. five stars when it's gone.
finally able to transfer files onto my on_the_go storage device, unlike my last file manager. wish i could backup my data with this though. that'd make it perfect. also, not bothered by the ads and recommended apps because that's how free apps like this make the money needed to keep it working, updated, and free. no one's being forced to download anything, so get over it already.
the homepage messed up_ why_ tool bar is now ad bar_ unnecessary icons for es app lock and naggy es cleaner_
this is an awesome file manager but so much more_ i use it to browse my local networks, connect to my laptop and to view all kinds of files. it's one of those apps that if i do not have it installed i think there's something wrong with my phone_ the one thing i do not understand is how this great app can be free without ads.
for starters,i'd like to congratulate you on improving the interface again.i feel like you are improving things.however,every time you upgrade you interface,you lose something.from 1.5 you lost the setting mp3 to be ringtones directly function.and now,you lost something again.and you add ads which are totally unnecessary for us users who love and support your app .don't be those assholes who just add tons of ads in future and don't accept feedback and become some app we eventually hate.be one we'll love.
best free file explorer with so many features and without advertisements
it provides me all the features i expect from it.. the best thing is that it is not flooded with ads.
first i thought this would be same as other file managers in play store. but it differs from others by providing ui customization options, ziping and unzipping files and finally providing an ad free environment.
great app. i love thats its ads free. thanks developer
great work by the developers it's ad free. i'll like to see a more beautiful user interface design in future updates. keep it up.
does everything as advertised better than the competition.
have been using this since my s3. belive it or not this app was recommended by an ad. great for advanced users who do network file sharing or root their phones and don't like the stock file browser. the interface is great and easy to use. i'm sure there may be one that is better but as far as a novice to advanced user this app is all around good.
the best . no ads no delays . awesome.
the ads are within the app folders it self. don't suggest apps to me in my app folder.
after they took app manager out of es file explorer and made you add an extra app for it i stopped using it mostly now ads on es task killer app so it all sucks. considering stupid devsfor android not letting 3rd party apps write to extsd on many os versions apps like this need to be useful cause i still need my dumb included file manager to move or write files to extsd but es apps went downhill.
great app. i hate the advertisements with the free version but this app definitely saves me time.
works as advertised
no ads on a function_packed app which has become one of my essentials. this we like_
one of those rare tools you can always count on to get real work done without bloat or ads.
works as advertised and expected
one of the best app on android. works as advertised_
nice app, easy to use and fre without ads. what more could you ask for_
a genuinely good file manager for free. has some ads, usually app suggestions, but they are rather unobtrusive. would in all probability shell out some dish for a pro version.
this app is really useful to manage my files. i love the multiple windows, which means that i can open cloud storage, sd card, internal memory, app manager, music, etc at once so i can multitasking with this file explorer. moreover this app doesn't have too much bugs. sd card analyst is really a helpful feature to help figuring out what's really eating my storage. also, no ads. perfect_
use it almost every day, it just works and no ads, omg no ads... could not be happier.
too much sponsored ads
i can't believe this utility is ad free and doesn't cost any money
whats with the app advertisement in app_ not a fan of that. didn't used to be there.
i've used this app for years and it was perfect.  now everytime i clear my apps using the widget i receive a pop up in which i need to wait to dissappear. i thought i could live with that. but now i'm receiving advertisements with this pop up which takes the whole screen. i don't f_ want panago pizza, i just want to clear my apps and move on. i'll be deleting this app in a few days of this can't be rectified. getting a bit greedy with the ad space.
i've used this app for years and it was perfect.  now everytime i clear my apps using the widget i receive a pop up in which i need to wait to dissappear. i thought i could live with that. but now i'm receiving advertisements with this pop up which takes the whole screen. i don't f_ want panago pizza, i just want to clear my apps and move on. i'll be deleting this app in a few days of this can't be rectified. getting a bit greedy with the ad space.
this is not an impressive app, it recommendeds files to delete then fails to delete them. i have uninstalled it as it just does not work as advertised.
adverts have been added though _
absolutely amazing app. always helps you to manage files everywhere, can not imagine my android without it. ads are a bit annoying... but this is really minor issue.
now you feel that material touch_ the only thing you need to pay is to be ad free, otherwise all features are free_
no ads, not trial, best app ever
one of the first applications i install with each new phone is es global's _es file explorer file manager_.  it is packed with serious, easy_to_use, features with rich settings choices.  i find it to be the best android file manager_ and it's free, no ads.
this app has no ads _ is too good
lots of functionality, no adverts so far.
it's a great app, it's very usefull, free and hasn't ads. it works perfectly and has a lot of functionalities
does what you need it to do, without the ads.
its always updated and useful without ads and paid but i pay donation to es...
was better before all the ads.
full featured, pretty good interface, ad free. its taking me awhile to get used to navigating the various screens and some controls are a tad small on my phone, but that's not stopping me from giving it a full 5 stars.  ...12 months plus later and it's still a full 5 stars. one of the small handful of apps that stand the full test of time with me. ... wish it had more themes _i want a dark option_.
i liked it more before the playstore ads were added. how do i remove that new panel_ it keeps returning when i attempt to delete it.
still works perfectly as advertised. it's reliable, simple and controls are intuitive. no learning curve to slow you down, either. sweet_
this is such a good app, so much better than others_ ad its free_ oh yes it is_ common people_ a great app and free_
to diable the ads
well designed and no ads. thank you_
the old version was better, no ads or _recomemded apps_ ..whays with that _
ad free and easy to use. keep it up
developer has sold out.  ads and recommended apps added in recent update. try root explorer instead.
let's me watch,copy,up or download files from my home network.manages my download while i'm in and out of wi_fi and or data.my first phone didn't have a way to vie all file types on my ad card,this lets me see almost all types and modify them.the only problem i have is the user interface can be confusing. good job thanks for this app my whole family loves it_
would pay to remove ads. some features are awkward. to bookmark a folder i can't simply go there and click add favorite. i have to back up one level, choose properties, copy the folder address, then add it.
easy to use and no ads....
best file commander ever. if you not using it you are missing out on the best ad free app there is
clean,  efficient design,  no ads and works brilliantly.
this app does so many things other apps can't, and all without ads. it can download and open many various files, including _but not only_ mp3, mp4, jpeg, pdf, and a lot more. it can rename, rearrange, copy, delete, manage, create, encrypt, hide, and back up files, as well as being able to save them to a cloud storage, uninstall and manage both installed apps and preexisting device apps, and so much more. i highly recommend this app.
definitely the best file managing application on android in the best part is no ads for free i don't know how they do it but i would not install any other file managing application definitely a five star app don't hesitate to install to be honest i wish i could give it 10 stars especially with the latest material update it's absolutely beautiful you can tell they took a lot of time and care before they put it out for everyone to download and that's saying a lot
very intuitive home screen and simple ui. absolutely love it_ best feature is no ads popping up and for a great app that's really a bonus.
i've been using it and now matter how you look you can't find any better... free, no ads no restrictions. just install it and you won't regret it.
works beautifully. enables me to view photo images, music and films on my nas lan though home wifi. can now easily download whole directories from my music collection to my phone for later listening. reduced rating do to in app advertising.
easy, no ads. perfect_
recent update added a useless 'apps' tab with ads you can't remove permanently. another good app ruined by pushing ads in your face.
great job devs_ es file explorer has reclaimed its crown. but please, don't make the same mistake that a lot of developers do. offer a paid version of this app if you plan on making any changes that involve ads or additional bloatware. 99_ of us will gladly pay for it.
doesn't request unneeded system access like asian junk software, works as advertised.  nearly impossible to add favorites.  needs to use active view when clicking add favorite or allow copying active path to clipboard.
es really stands out in the file manager jungle. i've used it for as long i can remember. occasionally i've tried some other similar apps but i always return to es. why _ simply because it's the best. it's intuitive and simple to use and yet a very powerful tool. especially if you're on a rooted device and needs things to do deep in the system. and the most amazing with this outstanding app is that it's free_ not even pestered with ads. huge thanks to the developers for this amazing piece of work.
it does a lot for a file manager sort of app, as much as you could expect.... and more. i end up using it a lot more than i did the other comparable apps i had before it. one thing though, i want to buy out of the ads, how do i do that_
please offer ad free version of this
no doubt.. this is officially the best file manager on android_ free, no ads, billions of features and even a root explorer.. highly recommended for any user. _p.s. had no problems with it on xperia sp_
from all apps.. all... this is the best one. a perfect app. i wish other could make their apps with the same quality. what i hate with the other once,  they get worse and worse and even put advertising into it. this one makes it better and better and even free and without advertising..what more do you then actually want_ perfect app
its free and ad free... and the ui the update makes it a little wierd all those small keys... but still can be compromised..  for the simplisity and totally free. the best explorer _ would rate it 9 stars out of 10... don't worry... u still got 5 stars on playstore _  edit _ u can switch to old view frm settings... 100_100 stars _ _ _
so good i forgot that it's free, no ads. i've tried some of the new _material_ file managers. none hold a candle to this. really the design refresh of this app doesn't change anything, it's been so powerful for so long i can't think of anything it should do that it doesn't.
best file manager ever. i love browsing files off my pc. plus it is free with no ugly ads everywhere.
does what it's says it's supposed to as far as i can tell. what i really like is that it can transfer files onto my on_the_go storage device, unlike my other file manager. also, not bothered by the ads and recommended apps because i'm aware that that's how free apps like this make the money needed to keep it working, updated, and free. no one's being forced to download anything, so get over it already.
it has everything that one can ask for in a file browser_ it is also completely free, no ads, no nothing.
started seeing ads within the app after last update. i favored this app over other file managers because it was ad free now not so much.
stop with ads
latest update now displays ads for other apps when ' app ' _ lbackup_install_uninstall_ _ selected. guess it was inevitable but this is still an essential app for android devices.  _ devs _ please do not get carried away with your recent decision _ _ update _ no ads in tablet version . . . only in phone_s_ and only when select ' app '
the best file manager. i hope it'll stay free and without ads.
the best file manager, period. cloud, device, lan, bluetooth, print, upload, download, move, copy......... and that's just file management. i can us esfe to play music and watch videos stored on my pc over my lan. i can even move files between any device connected to my lan. for those with _root_, the tools_access are fantastic. the new material ui feels baron yet in your face all at once. now ad supported, understandably. would rather a _paid_pro_ version instead.
no doubts, the unique featurefull file manager i've ever used_ but the default file manager shouldn't display ads. are you going to release a ad_free pro version_ then this one wouldn't be my default.
latest update now displays ads for other apps when ' app ' _ lbackup_install_uninstall_ _ selected. guess it was inevitable but this is still an essential app for android devices.  _ devs _ please do not get carried away with your recent decision _ _
ads everywhere_
still a feature packed file explorer with everything being free and no intrusive ads. but the latest design is just... bad.
cut, copy, paste, create new files and folders, browse all directories, simple network storage setup, built_in media player with chromecast functionality, no ads, no bs permissions, small footprint, it just works _ amazingly well. all i wanted was explorer type functionality on my android phone, this provides that and more.
deleting app after years of using due to new ads after recent update.
best file manager ever. i love browsing files off my pc. plus it is free with no ugly ads everywhere.
_after the latest update, i can't write to the external sd card. followed the instructions it gave to give permission, but it did not help. reinstalling did not help either. i never had to do this in previous versions. i am on the latest version of lollipop with a galaxy s2_ best file manager ever. i love browsing files off my pc. plus it is free with no ugly ads everywhere.
i wish we could move videos and music to the ad card like the earlier versions, now we can't unless we root our phones.
what's good_ clean interface, included app manager and fast enough. what's better_ no advertisement, auto clearing of cache, doesn't run in background, prompt and friendly user support even though app is free.
you can do so much more with this app, hook it up with a pc on the same wifi connection as your phone's and copy files, stream music, videos etc. you can browse files on your drop box, sky drive and other cloud storage. it even has bluetooth file sending option. can't believe its free with no ads, a must have_
easy to use, lots of features and no ads.
not much needs to be said_ fast, light, reliable, a plethora of features and abilities, all while being completely free without a single annoying ad. simply amazing. _
very good file manager app. no annoying ads.
simple to use and feature rich. got a material makeover and looks fantastic. functions as advertised.
root access, material design, simple, zip, rar, no ads.. thanks bro_ i love it_
best file explorer, even has add_ons for chromecast support.  this allows me to chromecast my smb movies_  ad free_
it is the best app.no ads.just amazing.i am using the app since the first day i purchased my moto g.
it works as advertised. 5 stars for this application and 5 stars for the developers who put their hard work in creating the same application.
now you feel that material touch_ the only thing you need to pay is to be ad free, otherwise all features are free_
very good and helpful app.. i am using this app on my mobile but there are some ads shows during tasking so please remove the ads. otherwise this file manager app is fantastic.._ rating 4.5_5 because of ads... and the new design is reallyyy awesomeeee_
whenever i install a new rom or buy a new phone, this is one of the first things i install. there is simply no file manager in google play store on this level. let's not also forget that this app is totally free, has no ads and is constantly updated. amazing.
work as advertised. can explore phone, shared folder on lan and ftp. support personal ftp server
very good and helpful app.. i am using this app on my mobile but there are some ads shows during tasking so please remove the ads. otherwise this file manager app is fantastic.._ rating 4.5_5 because of ads...
since 2.2_froyo_ _ if it weren't for this app, i probably would've pull a walter white _ been found naked in a grocery store_ ..._not familiar with es_ than _welcome to bikini bottom, patrick_ 1st there's no _ ads, _upgrade to..._, bs permissions, _sorry, only vip can insert spacesorpunctuationoverlycomplicatedmess... 2nd what it will do is blow your mind_ try it, get support if there is a problem, remember nothings perfect but this is funkin' close_
does exactly what its needs to and no ads
i've tried several other file manage_explore apps and none even come close to es file explorer. i keep looking for somewhere to purchase premium features or something to help support the devs, but there is nothing _ the app is free, i haven't noticed any ads and it does so many different things. remote access, video, audio, app backups, root exploring _ many other things that other single apps do...all in one package. everything works very smoothly. i highly recommend this for all your android needs. a_
no doubt, this app deserve five star rated... no ads...
the legity of legitmate apps_no ads,no virus,legit
great i'm speechless it's superb mind_blowing love it thank you developers for making this comfortable and so easy to use app  keep going on and ad more features ol d very best ... _
this is the best android app i've ever seen it's much better than the original file explorer... besides,there are many great features such as _text viewer , media player , root explorer, app locker. in addition to the ability to view and extract rar and zip files...and it's for free with no ads at all.... i don't know what's wrong with those guys who didn't give 5 stars ,it worths 6 stars or even more... thanks ''es app group'' and keep your good work.
the best file manger in google play store. i will give you 5 stars. but really i hope to give you 100 stars because you made it free with no ads. thank you so much dear developrs for your hard and best work in developing this application. hope other developers made there applications like this great application.
looks nice and no ads
this was the best file manager i downloaded not like the others it has ads but this has no ads which is clean and easy to use.
it works with no ads
but i think you'll agree, for free it really works as described. it's up to us to try and figure out how. lol. and thank you developers for the use of your free app.no ads and saves to sdcard. i really like the recycle bin. it really is the oops folder.it is the final save of fat fingers and total recall of a fubar moment, and can save the data from even selected factory apps to the sdcard or where ever you wish, then create a desk top short cut, of 99.9_ of any file.
this does more than i ever expected and it's free and has no ads displayed like most free apps. my favourite features are the lan browser and chromecast support. but aside from that the file management functions are really well designed and intuitive to use.
full featured and no ads...but where is the app locker_ i can't find it_
my phone won't allow 'move to sd card' or 'delete from sd card' operation. but this awesome app bypassed that_ plus, it has no annoying ads. i would totally recommend this_ _
amazing features, lan data transfer, zipper, players....everything you could want in an explorer. plus....its free of charge and advert free. great job
es file explorer has always been my favorite file explorer app since i switched to android. it does everything i need it do and more_ plus it is free and doesn't have any annoying ads. developers of this app, you da real mvp_
very good file manager app. no annoying ads.
v1.6.1.0 getting better and better. i also like the zip support. no ads. the best. v3.2 i use this for my nas. supports ftp, ftps, sftp, and webdav.
got it for my htc m8 to stop it saving ads instead it deleted all my photos and i have no back ups. would not recommend.
very good file manager app. no annoying ads.
very good file manager app. no annoying ads.
no doubt.. this is officially the best file manager on android_ free, no ads, billions of features and even a root explorer.. highly recommended for any user. _p.s. had no problems with it on xperia sp_
i've used this app for years now. i must say this has to be the most useful appi could possibly get for my phone. the most shocking part is that it has no ads also_
the only thing you need to pay is to be ad free, otherwise all features are free_
this does everything i expected it to do and more. all while being ad free. this tool should be standard with all android installations.
there's nothing it can't do.  i can't believe it's still free and ad free.  edit_  please add copy to cloud storage options.  thanks_
amazing set of tools that does everything except brew coffee. the browser alone is worth the download, as i've yet to find a plugin it doesn't like. if i had one critism, and it is only a tiny one, i'd like ad blocking on the browser, but i'm willing to live with it because that's what you do when you are in love.
love it because no advertisement
no ads. great interface. packed with useful features
no ads. great interface. packed with useful features
i've found the es file manager, music player, photo viewer, and so on to be much more useful and well designed than any alternative i've seen. they're also polite _no intrusive ads, ask before updating, etc_ and tend to surprise me with features i didn't know about. and it runs on my 4 year old phone_ i don't usually review apps but this one blew me away.
i will shout loud..it's brilliaaaaaaaaaaaaaant nice work _ ... a complete tool in a small and simple size...no ads _ no cutouts...full costomization...thanks very much _
i'm keeping it, so i have to give it at least 3 stars. however, it advertises that it can help you go paperless but when you take an image with your camera, you can't rotate it within evernote on android. you have to open the image in gallery and rotate it there. paper has the advantage that i can turn it on its side. apparently this is a disadvantage of evernote. i know it auto rotates with text recognition but not handwritten notes.
this is one of the few apps you need to download. i store all business cards here for easy access and it auto links them to my linkedin, email, etc... also take all my notes with it and it syncs to all my devices. best of all_ free and no ads
fails as a collaboration app. we will never be able to nor will anyone ever be able to get all of the different people that we must collaborate with, to all load the same app on their devices. whether they are restricted to load apps on company property or whether they're just nervous and uncomfortable about an app, it is unreasonable to expect that my collaborators should have to load some app to be able to collaborate. email is cross_platform pictures and notes go through just fine text messaging works well and so does phone calls ann without evernote but evernote requires your friends to have to jump through a hoop and load evernote for it to work for you. as a general note taking app its great but you already have that. great at notes, that's what a smartphone itself already is. i just haven't been able to find an advantage to this but it hasn't helped with collaboration even though it's ad claims otherwise. just can't get the other project members around the world to trust it so i can't get it to work because of that. evernote hasn't responded to any of my information request so respect for them as a company is not very high either.
absolutely horrendous, it annoys you so much with ads that it is almost rape.
they advertise business card scanning, but it really only works in ios.  android version does not support double sided business cards.
overall i find it quite useful, unfortunately there are longstanding bugs that the developers ignore and refuse to fix, despite many user complaints. _ also tired of the ads that take the top half of screen. more taps to quickly get to the note i want to edit. will stop using if it continues _
free_i found some missing files, synchronization not work either. i don't trust evernote anymore , and i will not rely on this application. i am fed up with, premium advertising.
useful application but adverts and spam prevent serious use. better products available without spam
all the extra annoying features_in app ads need to go. once you dismiss their notification you shouldn't see it in the app anymore. but every time i open the app there it is_ right smack in my face. ugh. otherwise it's pretty good_ specially with the web clipper.
best note_taking app_ honestly, this app does everything you could possibly need it to. keywords make searching for notes so easy.  however... please stop pushing me so hard into paying for premium plans_ i do not need nor do i want them. obviously if i'm dismissing the ad every time i use the app i must not be interested. stop spamming me. edit_ why are you still spamming me_ please please stop. no does not mean keep asking...
to mach ad in free account
evernote has come far on android. the best for meeting notes. not a fan of all the _advert_ spam notifications  they pop in in the app on my paid account. oddly, as they bloat en more in recent times the mac and win clients become unwieldy and painful to navigate. here's hoping the android app doesn't go the same way.
please remove the ads
it does what's advertised and does it well. i use it a lot as an artist and a writer to organize references and ideas. i can organize everything to an excessive degree really easily and i'm a big fan.
first, it may have many features but i didn't find the interface user's friendly. it is not intuitive. it is too messy. on the other hand it keeps on popping ads all the time.  besides, since i tried first the free version, it didn't stop offering the paid one every single time.  finally, i did a back up of my notes because i was going to reset my mobile but it missed backing up all of them. i am going to uninstall it and stick to the easy to use and ads free built in note app already on my android.
good app, too many annoying pop ups and advertisements
need to advertise html links directly to evernote
useful app ruined by push notification adverts for premium.
great app but stop pushing ads to the status bar or i'm switching to a competitor.
this used to be my sole all in one note taking app. however, now, due to the irritating upgrade advertisements i can recommend this app. for a free alternative, choose wunderlist.
very good for keeping notes, but they spam you with notification ads.
i have absolutely no need for the plus or premium features, yet since recently i have to put up with constant ads on mobile and desktop. now i even get unwanted notifications_ starting to consider alternatives because of this.
i used to love this app before it posted a full screen ad every time i try to browse my notes. it's gotten to be too much. there are other note_syncing apps out there.
advertisement almost every time you open it... it's annoy having a quick check of a note
what evernote does include, all works well, but i think there are a lot of areas that are below standard. the ability to colour code notebooks for those who want to would be an improvement. a better colour choice for drawing would be good also and most important would be export into word doc. html is a work around at best. i have moved on to google drive for most things now due to evernote being too restrictive in areas, i would have been more inclined to go all in and stick with evernote if it was easier to export notes to common formats, print from the app etc. and the ads are annoying as others have said, even with pro.
love this app but just 2 minor niggles. firstly, adverts for subscribers are a pain, i don't expect ads in an app once i have paid for it. secondly, can we have an option to resize images in a note please. thanks _
love this app but just 2 minor niggles. firstly, adverts for subscribers are a pain, i don't expect ads in an app once i have paid for it. secondly, can we have an option to resize images in a note please. thanks _
i have a premium subscription and i'm getting ads that block the majority of my screen so i can only see one note. i don't need evernote business, you already have my money, stop advertising for it repeatedly.
i have a premium subscription and i'm getting ads that block the majority of my screen so i can only see one note. i don't need evernote business, you already have my money, stop advertising for it repeatedly.
stop advertising on paid version
it's a great tool but the ads detract enormously fit i from it. i don't need evernote business_
i have a premium subscription and i'm getting ads that block the majority of my screen so i can only see one note. i don't need evernote business, you already have my money, stop advertising for it repeatedly.
i have a premium subscription and i'm getting ads that block the majority of my screen so i can only see one note. i don't need evernote business, you already have my money, stop advertising for it repeatedly.
too much ads, will change to 5 stars when you fix it
its never going to happen, and its incredibly annoying to have to select and reselect your plan over and over and over. leave me alone, your ads are intrusive_ otherwise good productivity app
good app, but considering moving to google keep as i'm sick of targeting ads for premium. i don't want premium, i'm not a heavy user, please simmer down with the ads, if anything its putting me off evernote ad by ad.
ads not too intrusive, good functionality.
best note_taking app_ honestly, this app does everything you could possibly need it to. keywords make searching for notes so easy.  however... please stop pushing me so hard into paying for premium plans_ i do not need nor do i want them. obviously if i'm dismissing the ad every time i use the app i must not be interested. stop spamming me.
onenote allows you to use color to visually organize groups of notes. it also let's you use tabs. it's also completely free. evernote has a boring black and white scheme, they don't have tabs, the online functionality is kind of wonky, and they constantly advertise to upgrade even when you've already purchased the medium plan.
long time user but fed up with the advertising at the top of the android app. if it wasn't annoying enough, i have to tap the 'x' 3 or 4 times to get rid of it. new features should be promoted on the update page or by email if you think it's extra special. not shoved in my face every time i open the app. if this continues, i will be closing my account.
every time i open your app, i am smacked in the face with advertising for your other apps and services. don't do that. even if i can _dismiss_ the advertisement, it's incredibly obnoxious. just let me use the app itself.
the premium _ desktop app is advertised in front of your list of notes every time you open it so it gets annoying to have to constantly x that out.  give it a rest sometimes ... if i wanted premium or desktop i would already have it.
a great and useful app,  but has steadily grown more and more complicated through all the updates since i started using evernote 3 years ago. my needs are simple and a simpler version would suit me better. don't like the promo ads and suggestions that pop up.
great app, has its own cloud and notebook organisation which is very handy. easily a 5 star app. only issue is the invasive advertisement to upgrade from the basic plan which is the free plan.
i inadvertently put a totally picture in my note but there does not seem to be a _help_ tab to tell me how to get rid of it.  also i have an important note there but getting to it seems rather convoluted.
good, solid app. one of the most useful out there. and the new ui is great_ crisp, bright, clean, with shortcut menu sensibly placed _finally_ and a better use of space. great update_ edit_ stop taking up half my screen with dumb ads for your business services. i closed it once, i unselected the _show me tips_ box, now please knock it off. i'm not and will never be a business user. very annoying_
the amount of advertising for premium is too much. way too much.
use it all the time. works as advertised. no bugs that i've seen.
this came pre_installed on my brand new phone and kept bothering me to make an account and filling my phone with ads.
free. no ads. sync able.  simple. easy to use.
it's getting better, but i could honestly do without the chat feature. i have been a premium customer for years and will continue to be, but all the ads for features i will never use have gotten annoying. they also really need to add location based reminders for this to be a true killer app.
it does all it should but_ 1_ too many ads for the subscription service. 2_ formating sometimes gets screwy when i try to edit on other evernote platforms.
i love this app_ i have it for personal and work use. i have it on my ipad and phone to keep notes wherever i am. i like that i can add pictures and insert notes from other apps. it doesn't sync as much from my computer but that may be my computers fault. i gotten the paid version for all the ads trying to get me to buy the app are a little annoying but not going to deter me from using and promoting this app.
an amazing tool to have. though i wish they'd put the widget back on the free app, even with ads i wouldn't mind.
i haven't been able to find a program akin to this without either ads or bloated features.
tries to do too much and is forever trying to get me to subscribe to the premium version. strip back to basics and fewer ads.
works exactly as advertised easy to use.
i'd much prefer an ad based option than the constant nagging to upgrade.
stop bothering me with advertisements for premium subscription. if ever i'll have the need for an upgrade i will upgrade. i know it's there so stop bugging me please.
what i like most about evernote that it had always worked as advertised and only gets better with time
constant advertising in a paid app is disappointing.
so i'm so invested in this app right now and have been for ad long as i can remember, through the early bugs and their later fixes. it's worked pretty smoothly for as long as i can remember, as one of the lifelines of my work and play and all else.
i heard you guys were having issues and well i just wanted to say...please don't leave me_ i love you_ i have loved you since the day i met you_ even if you have been getting more and more pushy with the ads...don't go i mean i don't even know where i'd go if i lost you_ _latches onto your legs_ please_
good app can assign own tags which do not dissappear unlike the very dissapointing google keep. would like more mb limit for free but maybe better than loads of ads.
app is ok. not as slick as i would expect from apple though. and i find it rather strange that i  am getting ads while i have the premium service_
evernote is just constantly showing me ads for their products instead of my notes. dismissing the ads does not make them go away. they come back the next time you open the app.  look, i know evernote for business exists. it's not by showing me the same advert for it 1000 times that i'm gonna want to use it more.
evernote is just constantly showing me ads for their products instead of my notes. dismissing the ads does not make them go away. they come back the next time you open the app.  look, i know evernote for business exists. it's not by showing me the same advert for it 1000 times that i'm gonna want to use it more.
the premium _ desktop app is advertised in front of your list of notes every time you open it so it gets annoying to have to constantly x that out.  give it a rest sometimes ... if i wanted premium or desktop i would already have it.
recent adverts of own offerings annoying
between constant advertising in a paid app and getting rid of an elegant tight, small widget, evernote appears to be headed downhill. disappointing.
shows push notification ads
all this app does anymore is try to upsell you. it's about five taps and three ads everytime i want to take or read a note. not very productive for a productivity app.
nice but ads to up grade make me nuts
all this app does anymore is try to upsell you. i just got a notification to _save everything_. gee, i'd like too but i'm too busy being distracted by useless reminders, tutorials i've said no to a hundered times and ads to subscribe. it was better when it just left you alone. i'll be looking for something else. what a horrible disappointment. this app blows
first off, let me just say i love evernote and use it on all of my devices_ osx, windows, linux _via web_, and of course android. the android version of the app is great, and i use it every day. but it is definitely missing some key features. palm rejection is the first missing piece, and without it you cannot realistically take handwritten notes on a tablet. additionally, you cannot add handwritten notes while recording audio, even though this was advertised on the evernote blog. actually, you can't add an
was great until they started with the new ads after they upgraded in interface. don't like the new constant ads when you log in to upgrade your account to a higher level.
all this app does anymore is try to upsell you. i just got a notification to _save everything_. gee, i'd like too but i'm too busy being distracted by useless reminders, tutorials i've said no to a hundered times and ads to subscribe. it was better when it just left you alone. i'll be looking for something else. what a horrible disappointment.
every time i open this app, my note 4 heats up and lags until i get a message saying google play services has crashed. beyond that, i use this app to take handwritten notes, but the ui is terrible. there's no simple way to center the canvas on screen, the arrows continually get in the way, and the zooming_scrolling never seems to work on the first try, preferring to detect only one finger and leave a giant streak in the note. last of all, please stop pushing evernote ads into my device's notification menu.
thanks for the chance to try out the premium upgrade by evernote for 12 months. best advertising trial ever.
the program always keep all my notes in sync, no need to back up t_t but plz dun put up the ad too often...
_ where is the button for leaving feedback _ suggestions_ _ why do i have to close the same advertisement that takes up half of my screen real estate every single time i run the app _premium user_ _ _ color, where is the color_ color labeling notes and notebooks would make everything so much easier specially on the phone...
i have a premium subscription and i'm getting ads that block the majority of my screen so i can only see one note. i don't need evernote business, you already have my money, stop advertising for it repeatedly.
i have a premium subscription and i'm getting ads that block the majority of my screen so i can only see one note. i don't need evernote business, you already have my money, stop advertising for it repeatedly.
i'm advertising evernote to everyone, i'm impressed with the convenience of having my notes everywhere i go _ thanks for a great app_
evernote has been extremely useful to my workflow. i use it so much i subscribed to premium. however i am now annoyed by upsell ads everytime i open the app. even though i dismiss the half page ad, it appears the next time i open the app, both on android and ios. so i'm downgrading my review by one star.
to many ads, to many notification of the same thing over and over again.
the program performs very well as advertised.
does everything i want in a notes app and much more. there's no annoying advertising either, i hope evernote keep it that way.
needs to stop advertising evernote for business. i'm a paying customer. i don't want to see you ads.
needs to stop advertising evernote for business. i'm a paying customer. i don't want to see you ads.
1. no calendar. 2. i little appreciate the relentless need to advertise features even to _premium_ customers.
i use evernote on my browers and use the desktop version. i love to read but at times can't get to everything so i use the clipper and what was once an article with ad clutter becomes a beautiful article without all the clutter. i love this app and i haven't even explored all the other features. i'm giving evernote 5 stars on the clipper feature alone. i can't wait to dive into all of the other features. excellent app_
idea of evernote is a good one, not really original, but good. there are plenty great features but app seems unfinished_ why isn't material design adopted fully_ certain guidelines of material design are completely ignored _cards that cannot be dismissed by swiping_. and why do i have to see ads about work chat or evernote for business even when i'm premium user_
great app, easy to use and i love the options to attach, record or take a photography in notes_ just please stop with all the updates _ advertising
i love this app it would be a whole lot better with no distractions this would be a five star app without the advertisements don't need them.
the amount of advertising for premium is too much. way too much.
i've been an evernote user since 2010. little by little, the company is giving more restrictions for a free user. in a year i generally use 8 months free and the rest as a paid because i need. so, if i'm not a paid member now, it's because i don't need. it's been 1 month and a half that i came back to a free member, and the daily ads pushing me to be a paid member are completely annoying. the app is great, the company is sucks.  customer service seems impossible to reach. looking for evernote alternatives.
love this app. that is until the ads to upgrade started. honestly if i download a free app that i don't need or use that often and continue to get this many _notifications_ to upgrade in my tool bar, i'll just uninstall it. would rate 5 stars otherwise.
i find this application really useful. however, the ad's are an unnecessary evil. i have no intention of upgrading to the premium version, so i have no choice but to put up with them.
evernote was the best note taking app on the market. unfortunately, in addition to the bloat _useless chat, inaccurate context, etc.._ we have ads, tips, and announcements becoming ever more infuriating in their increasing frequency. they're in the app. they're on the widget. and now my notification bar. really wish the company would cut this crap out already. yet another app on the march to the scrap heap because the corporate suits behind it want to ruin the experience so they can milk users for cash.
the constant feature advertisements are annoying. the widget and wear components should be a part of this app, not separate downloads. it defeats the ease of both of them to separate them. the tablet layout floating button should be the same as the phone. i think the compressed nav drawer on tablets is just in the way.
now has annoying ads, but still a great way to keep all my notes.
poor editing _tables_ and by design they will not support ad cards, by design i give you 1 star.
i remember for a while evernote was pretty good. then it got bloated and sucked hard. but now evernote as it is here, is pretty amazing. the blurbs and ads for upgrading are a little annoying at times, but they haven't busted my flow. very useful_
best way to organize my stuff. clean efficient and no ad's.
i dig evernote, but the ads to upgrade get in the way of doing work. i'd be more likely to upgrade with better functionality or lower price.
the text editor needs a massive update, and the recent push of obnoxious ads is a bad sign. considering changing to onenote
everything so far is working fine. i like to have the option of free with no ads no bullshit and still have the ability to upgrade at any point, keep and save notes online and the ability to share. i will continue using this and if my thoughts in the coming months of this app change so might the rating
i am a student. the free services are all i need. this is the best notes app. but recently it has been pushing ads about its premium features way to much.
add a digital scanning function to the app's features_ if this is already a function,  advert it more.
this app has replaced my old diary app which is full of junk ads.  this app has many options and has proven to be very useful to me
the frequent popup ads demanding money is getting unbearable. it's also constantly asking me to verify my email.
would you guys kindly stop publishing your products ad_ every time i open this app i have to close your annoying ads. pls give your user some peace. i am using this app because htc leaves me with no choice. thank you.
excellent program, just don't like the occasional ads on the basic...
it works great _ i love having access to my entries on every device. interface is simple and easy to use. not much more to say _ works as advertised. my only gripe is that s pen support on my note 4 is not quite right. it works, but there's a very noticeable lag when making marks with the pen. seems to be snappier with my finger.
evernote is an elaborate note_taking app. i find the pc version better to use than the android counterpart. although it is loaded with features, i can't say they're all easy to find. the biggest irritant is that it is still slow even after all these years in opening notes. syncs are faulty at times. ads about the premium version can be a lot more subtle.
i would otherwise love this app,  but the constant stream of updates is wearisome. there is rarely useful info about why an update is needed. so many bugs to fix that a daily or twice weekly update is needed_ so i update this device and my other device and tomorrow do it again_ it's starting to feel like advertising.
this is a must app if you need to quickly capture and organize ideas and notes. works perfectly as advertised. have used cross platform between phone, tablet and desktop. this would be 5 stars if it had the ability to encrypt individual notes.
all around excellent app that is constantly updated to add great features. no ads even on the free version. the only choice for a deep note taking app.
extremely versatile app, does everything it claims and syncs instantaneously with my mac. there is an annoying window before your notes that advertises basic features every time you launch the app and takes up half of the screen.
works as advertised and more.
this is a very good app.  they don't throw ads in your face, and this is very convenient to use even when offline.
an excellent application for ad memoriam notes. small problems after the update, but forced closing solve the task manager application, followed by reopening.
continues to be my favorite. more convenient than box, dropbox. great on both my tablet and phone, syncs across  all platforms and devices. use camscanner to create a pdf, one tap and upload it to evernote. like gps tagging of photos too. accumulate investment research from various web sites, each with a tap on _share_, tag it and read at leisure_ no chasing a collection of deep links. recommended. full ad free version cost miniscule versus investment in your hardware.
does everything as advertised and also syncs up with samsung's s note app.
minus one star for ads.
great app that works as expected. personally i have no troubles syncing notes or losing them. but the constant advertisements for premium services, gifting it to others, working with others and all sorts of annoying messages in every thinkable location in the apps and online are really starting to annoy the hell out of me. i want this program for my notes. i don_t need to work with others on my notes and i don_t need premium for the 2 or 3 notes i use per day. the _plus_ account is more than enough for me, stop bugging me to get me buy stuff i don_t need or want_
i use all the time. very reliable. only reason not 5 is can't turn off some ads as a premium user.
earnings in euro _ subscribe to globe mobile. join ovc2005.nichego team deal_ just close the advertising window on your phone or pc. during registration enter ovc2005 name. the best and easiest earnings _
yesterday there was a clue in the notification bar. i did not find how to turn off. in the note list _ the same thing. absolutely useless and irritating feature. notification bar is needed for mission_critical communications, and not for advertising new features.
works as advertised. my important info, docs and notes are always available. no more scraps of paper and stickies in every pocket. well done.
evernote makes super easy to organize all my thoughts and access them quickly, and now i always remember to leave a note. it helps me  log and reference ad jokes during the show, so i don't feel like an ostrich when i miss one.  and it's free_ so what's not to love_
i don't use the app to excess but, i do use it daily. i pay for the premium service but, there's no reason the app couldn't be designed to back up it's database to the cloud storage of my choosing _dropbox_drive_onedrive_etc._. the whole 'pay us to store your notes' racket is getting to the point that i'm ready to switch to another universal note app that offers free cloud sync. it's supposed to be a simple note taking app, evernote. get rid of all the other garbage _and ads while you're at it_.
constant cuing to _sign up for premium, free for 1st month_ apparently resulted in my son _ or me_ inadvertently clicking on the link. how to remedy_ danged if i know _ _helpful_ links simply go round and round. uninstalling fir my own safety _ i really wanted to use it, too.
a great way to have a searchable digital notepad. it works, doesn't have ads and does what it says it would. 10_10 would note again.
very good to take notes, available on multiple platforms and with effective synchronization, and even more useful when used with other of its tools like webclipper to save directly pages _or some of_ the internet to your evernote and clearly to leave clean pages, for example, a blog entry or no banner advertisements.
only one is forced to install the crap to get back to his old notes and then you get one at that annoying advertising e_mails from those that interest anyone anyway_
very nice update. i really like the updated layout. may be my preferred note app. also appreciate that it works across different mobile os's. only issue at this point_on my s4, s6 is fine_is that your latest ads cannot be removed _ex_ turning business cards into contacts_. minor, but annoying.
it is a fantastic application that is me being extremely useful but actually at fault _much_ 1. power to order books and notes manually 2. sisetema order folders _windows type_ to have folders within folders ad infinitum.
the app is excellent. more all advise advertapp, in this application, the money paid every den.pri registration write code inviting _2a5mm_ and has already received the first money today. i've already paid 500 rubles a day giving 15 minutes of your time.
stop prompting me to verify my email especially when your capable of emailing me advertisment. i'm not that stoked with you having or using my email.
it does what is advertised.
many do not have an offline advertising and
why are long_term spending phenomenon data conflicts, takes the new data entry .... ad urgently overcome.
always an ad to go to prenium seriously .... i want to admit that the application is well done but _ 6 per month is theft there are plenty of other competitive applications like google keep too .... ad to pass prenium thank you goodnight i delete this application
screw the excess. it prevents forced _favorites, constant advertising in the form of news. with large notes can only work with a computer. about the interface and does not say anything. it was much, much better ...
first, it may have many features but i didn't find the interface user's friendly nor intuitive. it is too messy. on the other hand it keeps on popping ads all the time.  besides, since i tried first the free version, it didn't stop offering the paid one every single time.  finally, i did a back up of my notes because i was going to reset my mobile but it missed backing up all of them. i am going to uninstall it and stick to the easy to use and ads free built in note app already on my android.
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive ads that appear when you unlock the screen, becoming the like and get more money_ currency in euros_ during registration enter_ antonov13 and start earning_
you enroll penny just for the fact that you looked advertising, which will be released when the phone is unlocked, you can just close it for you to view
useful and a good application. about three years after use it has been very well used. advertising is not particularly good. goma has come idea to use a premium.
for my purposes perfectly adequate, simple, beautiful notes that can be organized 1a. permanent advertising for premium is annoying, therefore only 4 stars
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive ads that appear when you unlock the screen, becoming the like and get more money_ currency in euros_ during registration enter_ antonov13 and start earning_
lacks things but at least the free version has no advertising.
i'd be lost w_o evernote.  i use the tablet and smartphone apps. no complaints here. works as advertised.
most seem to be able to say the best la knots. advertising should also be open to free _ _
mode off_line surcharge is an abomination, in principle, after the _notes_ you can get the hand, it is convenient omnibus in notebooks on the subject. of course the developers a kick in the ass _ any changes need to advertise_
the class of the program_ and for those who want to earn viewing advertisements from your phone, i recommend skachyat with market_ globe_mobile and sign up on the invitation_ zlat888 going strong team with horrshim earnings_ join us_
evernote does what's advertised. i keep everything here.  the app sometimes crashes, but that could be the fault of my phone. it's okay because i can access my notes online too.
haven't really used it too much but seems to work as advertised.
not suitable for my purposes. notebooks confusing and not sortable. i logged out, uninstalled the app _ and now get daily advertising of evernote_ _ that's a no _ _
thank you evernote_  4.8 stars. two improvements i would love to see are for improved cross formatting between windows and android, and to be able to bookmark in a page and link to it like you can do with html. amazing app. love. if evernote put an ad asking what people want them to do next and put a timer on when they will get it done. and people can donate money to get evernote to do it faster. also for future, expandable content like if i make a table of contents, that i can click to expand it. thanks
after updating to lollipop on htc one, i can't access the standard htc notes app anymore. i am neither able to uninstall the old app or find it on the play store. it just sits there, advertising evernote. to access my old notes, my very own data, personal mental property of mine, i am forced by evernote and htc together to make an account, give away my contact information and install an app that _of course_ needs to know who i call... to me, this is criminal, blackmailing almost. nevernote, more like.
looking forward to more ad blocking feature in the free version
convenient, compact and without advertising
imposed services _ the best anti_advertising _
they changed the layout of the web version but still not in sync .... people today want something simple and functional ... not to advertise but already doing, keep google is still the best in class ...
viruses advertising extortion money
still a great app _ great service. but really disappointed that _since updating_ i now have to endure giant ads amongst my notes most times i open the app. i hope this isn't the start of a slippery slope......
enjoy endless emails advertising things you don't need. then try canceling your service and blocking this app. o that doesn't work_ it still updates and they keep sending email_ that's why i've had to root my phone. just to keep this one app from spamming me. this app is useless_  snote will do everything better and free. evernote is a propaganda spreading useless app. the app designers have probably realized their failure and are now trying to cash in by exploiting you and your email to fill their pockets.
i really like this app. thanks ad so much
not as good as the pc version, but with the last update very close_ good job evernote, thank you.  i really give it 4.5 stars. two improvements i would pay for are improved android formatting and being able to bookmark in a page and link to it like you can do with html. amazing app. love. if evernote put an ad asking what people want them to do next and put a timer on when they will get it done. and people can donate money to get evernote to do it faster.. i think you would make millions.
i use evernote _yet_ in kostenloa. no annoying advertising, wonderfully clear and practical if you want to keep some mobile devices at the same level. very comfortable i find the ability to send attachments directly to the evernote email address and as recipes to have when shopping thereby equal.
i started using evernote on a whim not realizing its power. as i explored the program and possible uses after reading an advertisements article which sparked my interest, i began integrating the program into my creative life style. the concept then was to use evernote as my organizer for all of my tablets use. then i discovered the cross platform capabilities, just like google has for its systems, and i discovered the chrome app. now i use evernote everywhere for everything i can in my life. amazing
today the app started playing audio advertising om my phone. good riddance.
best note app. does exactly as advertised_
useful for recipes on android and windows 8. will continue using to see if i run into any limits, but for now... no ads. easy adaptability to screens. lovely.
the card at the top of your notes keeps showing up to advertise business _paid_ features and the widget app regardless of how many times you dismiss them.
if you do a little less than advertised it will be much better already good program
does everything as advertised and beyond. some people like onenote but in my opinion, evernote is better.
lit my cigar in said toaster,  plunged  my cold coffee turned back towards my alpine mahogany coffee table and this ad for this app popped up before i watched the shawshank redemption trailer on youtube...  you can wait god said. i need to go to the shop and get the kids some smokes.
evernote helped me a lot with organising and reminding me stuff. made my work really easy, so far the best app that i have used specially because it does not have ads bugging you_p
an excellent application for ad memoriam notes. small problems after the update, but forced closing solve the task manager application, followed by reopening.
can read your notes anywhere. but there are ads for everything_ and it wants to show you all the new things every single time you open the app. and you cannot change your settings to open only on one notebook. but regardless of all those things this is my favorite app
ads removed_ ty_ _edited_i used to love this application. but suddenly, the update bring ads_ pls remove it and i give back my 5_
very concise, user friendly, no ads.
i use ever note across multiple platforms and have for years. pc, ios, android. the tags can be seen separately or all the notes can be viewed at once. i have used it for notes in school, and for descriptions when fleshing out my roleplay characters. i use it for mag posts on my mush as well. being on the go constantly, i love being able to access my information from anywhere. i can even deal with the bloat and ads because it is so useful.
looked promising until i found out that the free version is worthless, and the pay version is worse. free_ severe limits on note size _no more than about 10 photos in 1 note_ and total uploads _about 20 photos per month_, plus constant ads. pay_ monthly subscription _not a one_time upgrade cost_ and no way to export your data to something more sane if you stop paying. don't get hooked.
intrusive ads and cannot be uninstalled.
this is the best note app i have ever saw. but there some annoying ads. remove those.
it's worth upgrading to the premium app to avoid the ads and get the additional features.  this app really does help organize all the details of everyday life, from receipts to notes to more formal documents.  one of the few apps that lives up to its hype.
evernote is a great app. i have been a premium user for years,and love it but please stop the increasing number of intrusive ads. i can understand it may be necessary for free users. but i don't expect this when i already pay a hefty subscription. really annoying.
evernote is the best note taking app on the market _ for now. unfortunately, in addition to the bloat _useless chat, inaccurate context, etc.._ we have ads, tips, and announcements becoming ever more infuriating in their increasing frequency. they're in the app. they're on the widget. and now my notification bar. really wish the company would cut this crap out already. yet another app on the march to the scrap heap because the corporate suits behind it want to ruin the experience so they can milk users for more cash. evernote isn't so essential that it can't be replaced, and with the continued blurring of focus, this becomes a more realistic possibility with every update.
hi,it's great but will be excellent if you ad saving formats like word, pdf, text
as advertised.
_update_ the _features_ ads are becoming more annoying. the app is getting clunky with the last few updates. dropped to 4 stars._                                         i've been using this app for years. there isn't any other app in this category that can compare to the features and versatility of evernote.
i understand at_t wants to add bloatware for advertising aspects, but i want the choice to disable crap i don't use. unacceptable and disrespectful to the customers in my opinion.
it gives 4 stars, because after the recent updates have problems with your notes offline and annoy me constantly advertising the new features.
the constant feature advertisements are annoying. the widget and wear components should be a part of this app, not separate downloads. it defeats the ease of both of them to separate them. the tablet layout floating button should be the same as the phone. i think the compressed nav drawer on tablets is just in the way.
the card at the top of your notes keeps showing up to advertise business _paid_ features and the widget app regardless of how many times you dismiss them.
i'm a paid subscriber. i feel cheated by ads pretending to be information and having less control over what appears in the limited screen source
premium payers shouldn't see adverts
no other app quite does what evernote does, yet it's almost impossible to start the app without some kind of popup ad demanding attention touting some new feature. i just had to click through 3 ads just to get to my notebook. please just let me run the app without harassment_
what i like most about evernote that it had always worked as advertised and only gets better with time
best app. but getting really annoyed of the ads every single time i log in. no i don't want to download evernote for desktop and i do not want to learn about work chat_ can't turn off anything either_
i'm a premium user, i pay for the service, yet for some reason evernote still sends me advertising and useless tips that won't go away no matter what. this is supposed to be for productivity yet with so many _tips_ , notifications and ads it becomes distracting, the opposite of productive.
i'm a premium user, i pay for the service, yet for some reason evernote still sends me advertising and useless tips that won't go away no matter what. this is supposed to be for productivity yet with so many _tips_ , notifications and ads it becomes distracting, the opposite of productive.
works as advertised_ excellent app_
as good as advertised
jesus christ evernote _ would you stop with the infuriating nagware_ ads, tips, and announcements. they're in the app. they're on the widget. and now my notification bar. cut this crap out already or you'll lose another user. evernote isn't so essential that it can't be replaced.
ads, which can not be switched off despite paying eur 40 every year.
exactly what i needed and works better than advertised i can take a snapshot of something email it and it turns it into a perfectly readable document it also syncs things perfectly between my computer and phone
first off, let me just say i love evernote and use it on all of my devices_ osx, windows, linux _via web_, and of course android. the android version of the app is great, and i use it every day. but it is definitely missing some key features. palm rejection is the first missing piece, and without it you cannot realistically take handwritten notes on a tablet. additionally, you cannot add handwritten notes while recording audio, even though this was advertised on the evernote blog. actually, you can't add anything but text to a note while recording audio, which is disappointing because it would be nice to be able to draw a diagram or take a photo of the blackboard while recording a lecture. another weakness in the android version of this app_it doesn't have presentation mode or business card scan, which definitely limits its usefulness.  although i really enjoy the app, and although it has been vastly improved in recent months, i'm removing two stars for the lack of parity between this app and its ios brother.
evernote premium has been a huge value ad for me. it's hard to imagine what life was like before. always carrying a small notebook or having a note app that was inferior.
it's doing the work without annoying bugs and ads. it's quite fast and looks pretty_
it's make the work without annoying bugs and ads. it's quite fast and looks pretty_
the syncing compatibility among android and mac really makes a world of difference. i use to not believe the ads until i tried it. the notebooks and sync allows me to organise my business thoughts everyday. love the reminder functions. but evernote needs a calendar. this will make it complete. the dolphin app mini is awesome for light use. it just needs improvements on loading time for pages. its lags a bit. but evernote itself _ thanks_      with love from renga _24yr old businesswoman from botswana_
if you don't enjoy apps intruding with ad notifications to tell you about whatever feature they want to market, this isn't the app for you.
the syncing compatibility among android and mac really makes a world of difference. i use to now believe the ads until i tried it. the notebooks and sync allows me to organise my business thoughts everyday. love the reminder functions. totally totally useful_ the dolphin app mini is awesome for light use. it just needs improvements on loading time for pages. its lags a bit. but evernote itself _ thanks_      with love from renga _24yr old businesswoman from botswana_
no other app quite does what evernote does, yet there's no excuse for an app this mature to have so many rough edges. editing is always a pain, and now it's almost impossible to start the app without some kind of popup ad demanding attention touting some new feature. please just let me run the app without harassment_ this app always has me searching for something better.
negative 5 stars.  the latest update made evernote less usable than ever_  share button is more prominent than add button.  can no longer see number of notes_notebooks.  pdf view is very limited in function.  quit taking functionality away_  attachments should be able to be used to illustrate the text.  the location tagging is horrible.  i wanted to show a list of places in the note on a map.  i want only tags in a given note to be able to show on a map.  printing is horrible_ aside from text appearance, the page break comes in the middle of the line of text.  perhaps less advertising on shared output would help.  rather than most frequent notebooks, let me pin them.
i love the fact that this app is reliable and is ad free. i use it for my church notes.
negative 5 stars.  the latest update made evernote less usable than ever_  counterintuitive.  whatever i want to do, evernote wants to do something else.  still no response from developer, 1 year later.  attachments show a preview, but only in thumbnail view. attachments should be able to be used to illustrate the text.  the location tagging is horrible.  i wanted to show a list of places in the note on a map.  i want only tags in a given note to be able to show on a map.  printing is horrible_ aside from text appearance, the page break comes in the middle of the line of text.  perhaps less advertising on shared output would help.  note notifications are all crunched up on one line.
this app ads a new dimension to the way i work. it keeps me connected to multiple work sites, people and tasks.
interface on desktop_ tablet is not clean to view. ads.. weird awkward icons.. pay to store more.. why use this app when onenote offers unlimited storage for free_
but the ads...
am in the process of exporting all my ever notes now. the developers advertised the new look but make absolutely no mention of additional permissions _to pretty much everything_. thanks but no thanks.
works better than advertised.  intuitive simplicity.
stop messing with it_ hate hate hate the advertisements_
its good no ad get to chat with my friends
it's east to use because it's not too many ad
stop apps from using other famous games game play as thier ads.
why so many ads that appear in my wall_
app tells me _can't connect right now_ when not connected to wifi. all settings are default and other apps work. please fix. using a moto x play. fix your update description, app runs slow and unreliable, not as advertised
i want to see my latest news feed, not advertisement and content stolen straight from the front page of reddit, just wanna see what my friends_followed pages are posting at that time, not 'these whacky 17 secrets that will keep your stomach flat_' honestly you need to get rid of that crap
what a piece of non_working, data hungry, battery draining, crashing, forever updating, constantly advertising piece of crap.
to many ads and to many hookers on it posting and trying to get u added to their friends list just crap
update_ older versions still much better. still on one star. app keeps on closing for no reason. the features are great but i liked the older version better even without the reactions. stop getting 'top stories' to happen, it will never happen_ basically newsfeed is set to top stories so that they can put paid ads and promotions on your newsfeed. c'mon facebook, you're better than this.
it doubles postings at times. it displays adult stuff when children look at this. it's slow at times. ads and recommendations shouldn't even be allowed unless we ask for them. stuff that doesn't apply to me still shows up even after i notify them that it isn't relevant to me. i'm seriously thinking of uninstalling. as i'm typing this, it froze and printed its own letters instead of what i was trying to type in. however, since friends, family, and acquaintances are on, this is what actually keeps me here.
hide posts. they come right back. only gives you a portion of the news feed. use a browser, and you see numerous stories the app hides. ads will not hide, and always come right back.
yea .........porn ads everytime i enter. do not download.
you are losing users and ad revenue while doing literally nothing to stop criminals from using guns in their crimes.
i downloaded it... than it crashed my phone and had to delete the update..after it would freeze my phone and crash it...now i can't dowlo ad or open facebook it just keeps crashing
now asking to confirm my name by submitting id like that's going to happen, you'd think for a company worth _billions they'd be able to get a decent app to run properly, obviously not,, full of ads, bloatware and i have download a separate app to chat wtf.....log in asking yet again for id fix it useless app because i refused to submit id it locked me out of my acc which i'd been using for 5_ years very poor, each _update_ for speed and stability has the inverse effect, fb sucks
why call it a timeline if time isn't the deciding factor for what appears where_ i get that you have to sprinkle in your ads but of actual posts by actual people, most recent should always be first by default_
first, why is there a _teen_ below the facebook icon on your app. 2nd, why did my entire facebook page disappear when during my phone system update, samsung galaxy 6s. 3rd, why don't you at facebook respond to help or issues requests. 4th, i am getting friend confirmations that i did not accept, nor do i know........to include like feeds_advertisements from inappropriate sites. my friends who have apple i phone do not have these issuse.
wow..... just try advertapp using this referal code_ _98n8ka_ and earned earned money.. you can use the points for any games specially the clash of clans...
to help with those unable to find their most recent posts, everything has been hidden under the news feeds tab under the top right menu. it's clear facebook is doing all it can to promote advertising, and hiding latest posts by friends. this is why i don't use facebook much now. it's no longer social enough.
i'm going to say the same thing a million other people are saying.... why keep burying the most recent feed when clearly that's what fb app users want_ obviously it has something to do with money and your advertisers but it's ruining your app. also forcing people to download a separate app just to check their messages is shady.
utterly useless on both phones and tablet. keeps jumping to the last time you looked 8 hours previously. messenger won't open, black screen, have to re install to use it and amazon replaced our tablet ad they thought it was their problem.  now it won't even install.
the only ads are on the walls. there are no pop_ up ads.
welcome to the new world_ you're the product and you advertise for corporate behemoths for free. suckers.
man you give too many ads of facebook  i  don't want it in my tablet while i already have it in my tab whenever i do something on my tablet it just gives me the same old ad install facebook man i am too aggressive with the ad of facebook
provide a clean look without ads like g_.
if free basics is a social cause why facebook is spending money on full page newspaper ads...it is honeytrap
the version for windows phones is much better. way too many sponsored ads for completely irrelevant things despite repeatedly clicking that i don't want to see posts from those companies, specifically i keep getting ads for political parties i have never supported, dating apps, and scam apps that claim to do things that no app could possibly do without having aditional hardware.
browning is very slow... and so many ad from play store..
i'm finding myself having to increasingly use the website rather than the app as my news feed will refuse to update for hours at a time and the notifications have become so buggy that i'm missing out on about 25_ of the content. don't even get me started on the search box that seems to be designed to deliberately make users click on things they had no intention of searching for. it seems like every update is designed to deliberately frustrate users whilst increasing advertising revenue.
every time i click a link, this message shows up _can't connect right now_ and when i go to check the connection, its perfect_ i'm not able to open any page, its like we are stuck on news feed with loads of advertisement_ its the worst update ever_ please facebook, fix it asap_
love.  this. ad
please avoid loading video ads in browser page, its annoying
shop for something on amzn, then see ads for same on fb.  boo hiss_ _lg g vista_
the app keeps crashing espclly while stream vid, _ even checking out recipes. there are too many popups_app crashes there, too. the worst of it is that i just upgraded to note 4, but i find note 2 works better but not by much. my troubleshooting includes removing used app, clearing cache, _ even force closing. nothing resolves the issue. i even had the phone checked out by samsung _ repaired. i'm at a loss. i understand that ads are important but there is way too many of them.
when searching, why stangers show up on top, friends on bottom_ my friends are more important than strangers or your ad money.
deleting data every 5 min and not even actively on it. fix your effin mess developers.. this has got to be the worst excuse of an app that has ever come out. do one update and get it fixed right. your advertisers must really hate this thing. hopefully stocks are declining, prompting zuckerberg to fire you all up_
pop up ads even when trying to make a phone call. dangerous that your attempt to make a call in an emergency is hijacked by a pop up ad.
ads pop up every time i open the facebook app now. are you really hurting for money that bad_
this app always freezes and_or doesn't load links, videos, or pictures. or, if it does load, the ads slow the load speed to a crawl. facebook is to big of a company to have these problems. use some of that ad money to fix this.
getting waaay too many ads that i have hidden and my news feed is just cluttered of people _  ads i have unfollowed it takes forever to hide all the clutter .... fix the problem quick _         i'm still having problems with fb not only are the ads cluttering my news feed but now it's showing people who i have chosen to unfollow annnd it's also showing who my friends are accepting friend request i don't wanna know these things  please fix all these problems _
app crashes randomly and when trying to go back to app once i read an external article. also i'm not downloading messenger. its aggravating to be constantly bombarded with download request and ads.
whilst its useful and essential the experience is ruined by adverts
my facebook freezes all the time now. also can you please stop advertising for the stupid kardashians. i hate seeing them on my page.
after hiding a post or ads it leaves a blank space in the middle of the screen and would not scroll away.  the only way to get rid of it is to kill the app and restart it.  what a terrible way of pushing ads to your users.
second day of constantly receiving the message below. if i have to uninstall it, i will be walking away from facebook and will not come back. advertisers beware_ i receive a com.facebook.katana has stopped message.
why do i see more posts from people that are friends of my friends then i see of my actual friends. i literally just commented on a photo and after it disappeared from my timeline. but i sure could see a bunch of suggested ads_spam from facebook or pictures that friends of my friends posted, but not the picture my actual friends put up that i commented on. facebook, your app and service are becoming worse every time you touch it. at this point, it feels like you are just whoring your self out for ads.
isn't it funny how your mind changes over time. i used to hate all these little privacy stealing, viewer censoring, ad whoring bullshit, now i'm just used to it. i don't really care and no one _wants_ these things but we are too lazy to do anything about it. eh. 8_8
can't deny that facebook penetrate our life as we would hate to admit. it connects people but less people posting nowadays. the main reason of not giving it a 5 stars is because of advertisements in it.
every time i look at something on facebook i have an ad pop up in my face and it won't let me get out of it you're screwing up facebook fix it or i'll uninstall
ever since i updated the app today i disliked a ad and it says why dont u like tholis ad and it wont go away kn my galexy s6
have uninstalled and reinstalled due to links not opening and stupid programme insisting on putting me back at the top of my timeline every time i share something. cannot switch permanently to an unedited newsfeed, default just goes back to 'recommended' instead of chronological. also getting tired of everything i search for on chrome being crowbarred into my newsfeed as advertising. god knows what else they're gleaning and flogging.
what's up with the  advertisement before you log in
more craps... the facebook now open video won't play immediately. have to close the video and open again to make the video works. and also, if click a link which open in another app, it always give me ads to download lazada app. getting more and more worst
same problem as others_ latest update videos go blank _ lock screen etc updated it again as it said an update was waiting but it uninstalled facebook from my phone_ not happy at all as i cant remember my password now_ also newsfeed full of ads _ irrelevant things get it sorted or il be deleting it again_
i'm using a 3 month old z3 and the new update is making my phone close down automatically, this not good as it's a contract work phone and facebook is used for advertising of my company_ sort it out and give me the old facebook back
news feed keeps crashing,it updates ridiculously frequently, freezes often,advert city,spammer attacks over and over again,facebook,for gods sake, what the hell is this new screen layout,even with my glasses on the txt is tiny. sort it out_
current version regularly locking up when i ad a picture.
is it just me or is facebook having problems on applications...  everytime i open my fb it automatically advertising games... its very annoying... pls do repky i need help...
continuous ad pop ups would take over my phone when i clicked on links on my facebook news feed. the pop ups were advertising themselves as legit facebook things... then they started appearing when i used google _i.e. malware_ i uninstalled facebook and the ads have stopped...
continuous ad pop ups would take over my phone when i clicked on links on my facebook news feed. the pop ups were advertising themselves as legit facebook things... then they started appearing when i used google _i.e. malware_ i uninstalled facebook and the ads have stopped...
you can't ad location on your photo you have uploaded
can't select text for copy _ paste. it's as clear as the balls on a dog_ facebook it's not interested in this app. prefers people to keep using the web, so it can show more ads and so on.
i see an ad of facebook, don't touch it or anything. then out of no where my phone tries to download the app_ check the website of the add. my facebook is closed this wouldn't be a big deal if it only did it when facebook was open i could just ignore. why does it pop up when facebook is closed out of nowhere. i have a great virus protector and it isn't a virus it facebook having more access to my phone than it should. please fix it.
provide a clean look without ads like g_.
crashes, hangs, slow speed, unnecessary advertising........ nothing but a business cart for the owners of facebook
the app has lots of ads.
i tried sharing a funny video i made that was an advert mixed with disney music _all chopped up and edited_ that i made no money off of, that hurt no one and was uploaded for the simple reason of sharing a fun video with friends. however i couldn't appeal it for that reason and so your essentially pushed away from doing anything about it. what if you uploaded a recording of yourself at a gig_ so much for social networking. smh. apart from that it is what you'd expect from a facebook app, nothing special.
why make it so complicated_ i mean i get it _ advertising, growth, etc. but why not make options for people who don't want all the _fluff_ _we should be able to turn it off_. it would be so nice for it to just be simple.
well uptil this point the app has done exactly what i wanted it to but with all of the extra ads and such it is now slow and locks up almost hourly. i only keep this app so it will sync my friends contact info
cant help the feeling that im being watched by facebook. if i google something i guarantee it will be on my facebook page as an advertisement. . . no privacy with facebook_ can you live with that
do not update the app.. since the latest update i get ads popping out in my screen..
just paid _5.00 to facebook for ad on here... _ when i clicked on, this is what i got_ the page you requested cannot be displayed right now. it may be temporarily unavailable, the link you clicked on may be broken or expired, or you may not have permission to view this page.   what is going on_ _frustrated_
everytime i go on an advertising like the sun or the mirror it crashes every single time has been for months sick off it now crashes for no reason at all_
facebook these uodat3s seem pretty unless expect taking up additional space and more ads, seriously if your going to do that bring back the feature that allows third party apps to use facebook info, just having facebook link by itself especially for contacts just ain't cutting it to me
i have a galaxy note edge, facebook crashes constantly. if i was new to facebook, i'd strongly suggest giving it a miss, the ads and everything have really wrecked it
am getting pretty fed up with these adverts to enter competitions randomly appearing in my updates and launching themselves at every given opportunity. have some weird foreign thing in my apps that i cannot get rid off. what's it all about facebook_  sort it out or deleting my account is the only option
sorry but all you did was make ads pop up 10x more, and facebook freezes all the time.
i'm not talking about ice cold treats from the deep freezer at grandma's... instead i'm talking about crummy pop up ads while using. i do not encounter this on my laptop, leading me to believe it is the app. also, the app frequently freezes,  causing me to have to restart the phone entirely.
it was working fine before update_ now it won't load news feed despite my wifi and cellular data connection_ it's giving me the error notices_ why did you update it wen few ppl were having problems_ edit_ i refuse to re_download this app until you get rid of your bloatware, ad.mobi. get rid of it, and i'll reconsider.
what a horrendous app.  42mb of advertising space_
why is it that every update has the same description_  why don't they tell you what they're really doing,  more tracking and advertisements.
your over run with ads and the pages you really care about are being removed. they remove things like honest posts that aren't popular allow naked women pics all the time. garbage. they even block your inbox messages for fear it could be spam smh. ya that's what they are afraid of.
good app, must have for facebook users which is everybody. best thing about facebook app is its ads which are based on your interest and behaviours. the problem is, even if you tell facebook to hide the app or ad it will show it later many times when you login again.
updated and now can't see any images_ not even ads
freaking annoying ads coming up.... what the heck
nothing would load or it would completely freeze up or reboot my tablet. installed the update and now i can't even log in. just keeps loading then takes me back to log in page. done with this app and sticking to the mobile page.... though with every 5th post being some ad or sponsored page, i'm kind of done with facebook all together_
after the latest update, no photos will show up unless it's an ad.
wish there was a 0 rating for facebook. i will be unistalling after this post. there's no need to put irrelevant ads on my news  feed every time you turn around theres another stupid ad..also any attempt to read your news feed is like having attenion deficent disorder. reason one minute you see a current post then minute later your seeing a post from 2 weeks ago or the day before. or last year.
i hate that i have no control of the order that things appear on my newsfeed. i would like it if things were in order by date and if i want the things on my newsfeed to refresh i would like to have control of that too_ i don't like to be in the middle of reading something when all of the sudden poof_ it's gone because my newsfeed refreshed and now because the things on my feed are in no particular order i can't find it_ that along with the ads is making me consider completely dropping facebook_
no ads at all, nice graphics, smooth interface..
my facebook doesnt even load and all i get is a white screen so your lying to customers saying the update improves reliabilty and speed take it down because your putting up false advertisement
clinking on links are now good. to much ads just control everything it's to aggressive with that mostly all the links un usable.
works good now after several updates. however still to much advertising on app. freezes all the time, you have way too much advertising to load, advertisement plays better than the app. samsung galaxy s 6 user.
too much advertising. 2 separate apps _fb and messenger_ when there's no reason to have two .time to move on.
your app keeps giving my phone viruses. every now and again opening and closing any app _game, social media, chat apps, anything_ will take me to internet to tell me a virus has infected or it'll take me straight to google play store for an advertisement. about half the time it does this. yes, i've had it cleared but it comes back. it only detects it from coming from one app and walla, it's facebook. used it for years but considering deleting for a while if your app doesn't stop giving my phone a virus.
it is well known and we'll used network. but need some changes. should pay attention about user's age. need restrictions for using facebook. should take care about using as porn site .sex selling and advertising must be closed.
should read keep up with adverts and unwantedrubbish. i really used to like facebook but it is now starting to annoy me. too many unwanted posts, adverts, embedded videos. i have not got the time or the will to scroll through all the stuff any more. too many folk think 15 pics a day  is required, plus every drink, every plate of food. also i refuse to download messenger. messenger will attempt to take over a phone,  take over texting, massively intrusive dumping icons on top of desktop  so we removed it.
ok. freezes alot , more advertising than social network
no customer service, apps is constantly _updating_, meaning it found new ways to not work. all the money they get off of advertising and they can't even make this app work_
i like reading ad sharing and comments in facebook
fb is killing my phone battery ad having to have messenger is a total pain why not leave it the way it was _
now asking to confirm my name by submitting id like that's going to happen, you'd think for a company worth _billions they'd be able to get a decent app to run properly, obviously not,, full of ads, bloatware and i have download a separate app to chat wtf.....log in asking yet again for id fix it useless app atm
way too many updates, uses loads os memory and too many adverts _
definantly social downfall. too much media, and ads are worst than commercials.
since the latest update the facebook app has been pure crap_ it freezes constantly  and rarely will it let me post on a page or upload a picture to my timeline. i know it isn't my phone because i have the s6 and it hasn't done it til the update a couple weeks ago. plus all kinds of pop up ads now_ please fix asap.
i enjoy browsing facebook on my mobile, it's just that this apps consumes way too much ram, literally slows everything down. and the amount of ads inside it is just ridiculous, i don't know if i'm browsing through an ads page or facebook timeline. and the apps keep freezing almost all the time when i press comment just to read the comments, and press back, it freezes_
having uninstall and reinstall atm. it crashes when i try to load the comments on almost anything so i can't reply to my own posts... etc etc _this is a new development not a long running issue_. bugs are all that keep it from being a 5 really. the app itself is all but ad free, unlike the website.
as per usual facebook fails again. rather than be able to read the buzz feed posts etc, u have to use the inbuilt facebook browser which is worse than  internet explorer,  you get bombarded by ads or it freezes. a complete waste of memory on my phone
once the app gets 200_ mg data it screws up. only way to fix it is to delete data. also i'm not using your messenger until its less intrusive and not such a hog of my memory which i have plenty but it was fine in my opinion in the app before your creating the other. i just answer messages in browsers. learnt also to use my own browser instead of yours which is full of pop up ads. stop recommending my friends location pages i could care less about n pages that are literally dead_ besides that works better
is it me or the update now has ads im not loving this by the way it's annoying
plz ad copy pest features in this app
most of the advertising videos are playing automatically, but without any audio, and the rest of the videos, if i click on play button, application closing instantaneously, please solve this issue...
download advertapp if you_re looking where to make the extra buck or two. you will get _ immediately.
remember when facebook was fast_ yep. me too... way back when. right around the time you pulled messenger out of the app, things went to _t _ the app as a whole has become painfully slow. i understand the need for ads, but the incessant datamining that brings such well_targeted ads, etc., is making things abhorrently slow. i miss the fast, responsive, droid_native app. stop fixing things that aren't broke, please. relegated to desktop use only. uninstalled, vzw gs5.
can you guy explain why this app is taking up 200mb of my 1.3gb phone_ 34.68mb requirements is false advertising plain and simple
older versions were better. this version_ george orwell would have fun with this. oh yes...turned off notifications to no avail.  if someone farts...i get notified...even people i've never friended. my other devices that have facebook installed don't do this_happens just on this crappy phone app.  and advertising... does not need to be here imo.
its very annoying when u busy typing and one ad pops up, somebody tell me how to remove these ads
easy to communicate with family friends and even customers. great way to advertise as well. the older generation is learning facebook
peace of crap's got more ads than news feed
some parts of the interface don't work as advertised, and i did a clean install, as in removed all previous versions before installing it. why does the navigation bar not appear when i scroll down my timeline _top stories or most recent_ instead,  i have to painstakingly scroll all the way to the top of the screen before i can post a new story. can you please fix that_ also,  i noticed when viewing videos that i cannot rotate my screen sometimes.
i hate that 90_ of the pages we load off if you guys force us into stupid f_ing ads. you already have enough forced ads on our feeds we don't need it on every single page we click on and then make us have to spam the back button to get out of it.. screw you..
everytime i update this app i get a new bug.  is it just a coincidence that the fb internet site works flawlessly...oh wait no you got advertising on the internet site.  thats why. money talk.
getting waaay too many ads that i have hidden and my news feed is just cluttered of people _  ads i have unfollowed it takes forever to hide all the clutter .... fix the problem quick _
fb wants to link to everything _ i wish i could use it stand alone.  it does thinking for me. i have less control. like if i am inactive for weeks fb repost my old posts. ..confusing.  besides most of my friends never use it. other mediums work better.   also filled with non stop ads mostly...annoying. bye bye facebook. got power hungry, greedy,  and invaded privacy.
since the last update it eats up my battery. it is constantly crashing and when you send feedback it locks up again. won't let me access some news without vrashing. they have it where the drop down icon to block certain ads is locked so you can't get rid of them. it's becoming more and more of a joke.
your app keeps giving my phone viruses. every now and again opening and closing any app _game, social media, chat apps, anything_ will take me to internet to tell me a virus has infected or it'll take me straight to google play store for an advertisement. about half the time it does this. yes, i've had it cleared but it comes back. it only detects it from coming from one app and walla, it's facebook. used it for years but considering deleting for a while if your app doesn't stop giving my phone a virus.
ever since the update, it keeps freezing.  they need to get this fixed.  it just locks my phone up and i can't be on my feed for more than five minutes before having a problem.  also, the ads often make reading some articles impossible.
newest update has push full screen pop up ads. factory set phone installed only fb and bam still getting them. uninstall and ads gone. none of which i'm interested in
fb is probably the most used app in existence, yet is always royally screwed up in some grand fashion. with the amount of advertisement garbage flooding this thing, it shouldn't be for a lack of development funding. so wtf, guys_ is it just because you know most of us will suck it up and use it anyway_ _
app will not re_install on my galaxy s4_ i've uninstalled many of the apps i really like and it still won't install_ very unhappy_ i guess you want me to use the online version because of the ads... right_
please stop interrupting my newsfeed to offer the opportunity to install instagram. if i wanted it i would already have it. unfortunately, you only offer 1 version of your app, and even though it's primarily advertisements at this point, i still find some value in it.
videos don't play, says there is an error. since half the posts on fb are videos i don't have access to half of fb, this also seems to slow down the whole app. constantly bombarded with suggested posts containing nothing but adverts
this new update keeps freezing. why can't you actually  improve things when you update, facebook_ my notifications still don't work correctly_ sometimes they do usually they don't. still have trouble getting it to actually show me recent stories, facebook just insists on showing me what it thinks i want to see, which seems to be the same hours_old stuff over and over. your algorithm stinks. i get that you want to trick me into sharing as much info as possible for advertisers. i'm over it.
will not upload photos neither of mine nor when looking at others. nor can i look at videos. my news feed is a lot of blanks and adverts_
now have adverts popping up every 5 mins. so annoying
ok facebook, it's over, i'm uninstalling. i simply cannot stand it anymore. everyday, i'm erasing 3 to 4 ads picturing a topless old men with big muscles. always the same picture, but from a different advertiser. it's the spam of the future, and you letting it happen. adios.
ok facebook, it's over, i'm uninstalling. i simply cannot stand it anymore. everyday, i'm erasing 3 to 4 ads picturing a topless old men with big muscles. always the same picture, but from a different advertiser. it's the spam of the future, and you letting it happen. adios.
auto playing videos have audio now. i know this is supposed to get me to watch ads, but i just turned it off. it was useful while it was silent, now it's intrusive. just, no.
i use facebook to keep in contact with overseas friends. i don't want ads popping up on my home screen. app is rapidly approaching malware status in my view. we don't want pop up ads, remove this unwanted feature
this application automatically updates almost daily and sometimes more than once a day, yet the is nothing new.  like an share photos when you're offline. ...cool. that's been the same description for over a year. we get it..you have to _ask_ us for permission to allow ppl to pry into our photos_videos and data and you have to ask for permission to keep adding an o scene amount of advertisements to appear on our walls..but can you at least offer some new, useful features with it _
after all the updates app has caused phone to start crashing. newsfeed constantly showing old posts, never upto date. constant ads and spam. can honestly say google_ is a better social app_
after all the updates app has caused phone to start crashing. newsfeed constantly showing old posts, never upto date. constant ads and spam. can honestly say google_ is a better social app_
it's ridiculous that this app won't let me read my private messages. all it does is tell me i have a private message then advertise its other app. ridiculous. if an app doesn't work without a helper app then the designers haven't done their jobs properly.
memory hog. fb or google. all advertising. wishing to go back to the aol days.
the app sucks...it force closes on one particular post eveytime i open facebook to read news feed and when i open a video or link in news feed,one it takes ages to load up or re_directs me to a ad to download garbage apps...fix it.._
this app has gone from bad to worse_ for every problem fixed, 10 more arise. rarely use this app anymore due to the amount of issues. stop cluttering the newsfeed with ads, suggested pages, who commented on what, etc. come on developers, get it together already_ p.s. stop deleting my reviews please.
what they do is for the paying customers, the advertisers, etc., not us.
videos don't play, says there is an error. constantly bombarded with suggested posts containing nothing but adverts
you should ad an option before loging in to get an sms or email not just sms
imagine your fb icon always show _3_ _new notifications_ no matter how you refresh it or update. i can't see _latest_ news feeds anymore as fb have _targeted_ posts to me which related back to _sponsors ads_. i seriously hope fb can bring back the original experience rather than _sponsor first_, else it's more like i'm viewing advertisements rather than friend's activities.
edit_ oh great_ now there are pop_up ads too_ that's your new money_making tactic is to annoy phone users with popups_ also now the latest update got rid of the status bar at the bottom so i have to go to my own page just to post anything_ why would you make it harder for people to post_ and of course the stupid _top stories_ is still default.
whenever there is a banner ad the facebook web browser glitches and does not load the websites correctly. it stays in an infinite loading loop.
just updated facebook yesterday and ever since then ads popping up like crazy. i love facebook but will be uninstalling if this doesnt stop.
i can't message anyone because of the messenger ad
when i open a link and go back to my news feed it auto refreshes. so i lose the post i want to comment on. also open a link to play a video but only get audio. ads work fine of course_ have to open in browser to play video.
get rid of this candy crush  rubbish and all the unwanted ad and rubbish email that don't even open what a mess this facebook app, and every update turn up to make it even worse
do not like this last update. i can't get none of my information on my page. alot of other things are not showing  up like things that have to do with my ad i pay for _ now i can't see nuthing that is going on can't see likes or information on my post like it says i can. just having alot of problems now
full of adverts now
really hate that my news feed on mobile is always filled with suggested posts and friends. some of them are offensive to me. facebook is constantly raping my phone for information and i can tell. do you guys have no shame in what you take from people's phones and computers.  i can block tracking and whatever else and it doesn't work. can't you just advertise generic products we all use like laundry soap and shampoo_ targeted ads are just a way you spy on us.  quit it. i am so over it.
really hate that my news feed on mobile is always filled with suggested posts and friends. some of them are offensive to me. facebook is constantly raping my phone for information and i can tell. do you guys have no shame in what you take from people's phones and computers.  i can block tracking and whatever else and it doesn't work. can't you just advertise generic products we all use like laundry soap and shampoo_ targeted ads are just a way you spy on us.  quit it. i am so over it.
seems to be all ads anymore.  find a better way to integrate them.
fb wants to link to everything _ i wish i could use it stand alone.  it does thinking for me. i have less control.  besides most of my friends never use it. other mediums work better.   also filled with non stop ads mostly...annoying. bye bye facebook _ you messed up. got power hungry, greedy,  and invaded privacy.
why do i have to download this app when i already had a facebook app that worked fine an hour ago now cannot open facebook until this app is downloaded.  absolutely hate it when forced to do something that i did not want to. this is reason that i buy nothing that is advertised on facebook. if you ate business owner do not waste money on facebook ads as most people hate facebook ads and ignore them.
why do i have to download this app when i already had a facebook app that worked fine an hour ago now cannot open facebook until this app is downloaded.  absolutely hate it when forced to do something that i did not want to. this is reason that i buy nothing that is advertised on facebook. if you ate business owner do not waste money on facebook ads as most people hate facebook ads and ignore them.
what kind of a company is so openly hostile to its user base_ what part of _most recent_ don't you understand_ advertise. but for pete's sake, stop determining what you think i should or shouldn't see in my newsfeed. fb, you're obnoxious.
to f.b, can't you remove motherfucking ads and your every update is pig's shit_
it's been annoying cause posts get refresh days later from friends and family. filled with ads and nonsense spam.
no option to always display the most recent posts. thanks for taking down chat in most recent view_ covered in adverts_ what happened to the map_ starting to hate this app..
with family and friends living all over the world, i find this app truly amazing_ yes you got some attention seekers posting, and some dirty laundry advertised_ but i get what i need from it...and it's a godsend to be able to communicate with loved ones so easily.
facebook app is getting worse and worse.  i mean what are the developers thinking_ let's change it and make it less user friendly by making option less accessible_  get your act together. and guess what an update that doesn't change bubkiss _and another. with the last update it got even worse. it won't work on a mobile network, only wifi seems to work. already gave the app 1 star, now they can ad a wormhole to that. okay it works again so 1 star no wormhole_after months still no change
i would give it 5 stars but since the last update every time i try to do anything on my samsung galaxy note 4 i get a pop up ad. i have my pop up blockers turned on, i've checked everything everywhere and was told it's coming from my facebook app. please fix this, i really hate to delete this app because my family is all out of town or out of state and this is how i share pictures of my children by. thank you
when click on any link posted in facebook ,it open ads.
more ads, more polarizing content, more forcefed product placement. all the things the average idiot caveman american wants. more whit, useless freaking garbage...
most of the time it refreshes to the top as your reading a post. what a joke_  read what's new, not what you  want. you would think the biggest ap in the country would have its crap together. plus your ads get really annoying. stop pushing that crap_
why my  facebook got ads and my phone become lag can reply me_
when i open external links shared by friends, facebook keeps bombarding me with ads until it's impossible to continue reading the article. had to close facebook and use chrome to google for the article to continue reading. ..
just got an invite to add my phone number for security. once i added it, advertising pops up on my phone_ not in an app, straight to my home screen. and i can't access any app settings on my phone to stop it_ i'm about ready to uninstall it for good. facebook needs to quit developing updates if they can't get it right_ my phone freezes up and then, just when i'm about to throw my phone, it force closes on me and whatever i'm doing is lost. horrible_ twitter is starting to look a lot better to me.
although the layout and functionality are nice, there are far too many ads in the latest update. seems like there is a different ad every 5 stories on my news feed. unbelievable.
facebooks _community standards_ are nothing more than shareholder_advertiser driven censorship and sensationalism. facebook needs to integrate some common sense and reality.
i have to download the messenger app because i can't go into my messages. instead of laying out my messages when i click on it there's advertisement for the messenger app. what is the point of having this app if i have to get two apps for something i can just use the internet app for all in one_
plz stop and i hate two app's to talk to people . dumb and privaties is bad with fake ads that call for looking at them .
it crushes alot and randomly reloads it self and when i want the most recent feeds i dont get just takes me back to old feeds ,and the ads thats the worst part uninteresting,update sucks big time please change
the newest update crashes and freezes all the time.  i click on a link and 2_3 of the article loads and then it locks up.  also, i'm seeing less and less of my friend's posts and more and more ads and older posts.  also,  if you want to hide certain newsposts about the whole gay marriage thing it won't even let you_  i tried to edit my newsfeed because i'm tired of hearing about it and facebook won't even let me.  _i'm not arguing for or against it, i just want to see more variety as it is yesterday's news_
what's up with the pop up ads every 5 seconds....effing annoying and i'm about to uninstall ave use the web version.
it freezes up to to much_ to many updates. takes up to much of my phone storage. fb asked for to much from your phone and gives out nothing worth anything. to many ads. keep showing old videos. facebook just got so broke down. its wack_
download. ad card
why does there keep ads popping up on the bottom after the laste update_       it was perfect before all this
ihas to many ads on this app and when i hita link its redirects me to an app on the app store
blocking of ads or messages_posts is not much effective.
force install of related app is not done. too much of ads these days_ though best social networking site till date.
too many permissions, too much memory usage for a glorified web portal ad machine.
the picture quality isn't good enough i'd prefer web version were you a option to view a full picture clear original quality and it takes long to update news feed and too many ads on the news feed timeline.
there is no reason this app should take up so much space_ this needs to be fixed soon or i will need to delete it. also, it is very slow to run. stop adding things and make the app more user friendly instead of stuffing it full of ads and useless features.
i m nt able to open any link in mobile facebook after i log in ..whenever i try to open any link pop up appears on the screen and it redirect to some advertisement automatically... pls give me solution
sick of looking at adverts and other inane things friends have apparently liked. i want status updates, not an endless activity log stream, mobile website is preferable to the the app by far now_
there's a sidebar on the left.               it's about ads and so on,it makes the page smaller.how can i remove this bar_
i go to facebook because i want to see the post from my friends, but now pages, ads and group are all over my screen. i don't want to see what you want me to see i only want to see the post from my friends.
removed that bloody add about messenger its just annoying me all the time if i want to install it its okay i'll get it but you people doing cheap job by dat ad ... disgusting _
i just deleted my account. been using facebook for almost as long as it has been around. talk about the invasion of one's privacy. change the policies ever other month to take away freedom of speech. don't allow me to view what matters _the posts from my friends and family_. riddle the home page with advertisements, as if i'm going to buy more crap... aside from that_ the app itself has been busted pretty much since it came out.
now there are ads taking up space.so much so that i can no longer even see to use. anything for money i guess. i refuse to shop anywhere that spams me so they are wasted on me anyway.
new layout making it too small to read on tv screen. idel trending ads on the right side of the screen is making texts even smaller than before and harder to read. why change something that is not broken. please revert it back or give a magnification options.
crashes other apps if i don't let it open when the apps prompt it. if you don't let it open it restarts. do your own advertising facebook. someone please make a social media site that don't bully you_
everytime i swiped to unlock my phone, i get app requests. as soon as i uninstalled fb app no more ads.
love the app, but if it pops up one more ad. don't care about notifications but popup windows are too far
random ads, wants you to download another app,  and i was just reminded how much my aunt insists i play farmville.
it's impossible to read any articles in fb now_ ads pop up each time. the app just got worst after each update.
yeah how bout rolling out an update to get rid of the spying aspect of the software you implemented. the turning my mic on to listen to _ambient conversations_ without my knowledge_consent to send me _targeted advertising_ is not something i appreciate and feel violates my rights.
since last update it has been having ad pop ups please fix
these pop up ads suck on facebook messenger _ i was forced to download facebook messenger because facebook will no longer allow me to private message anyone on the regular facebook app _
update and give the same shit every single time. there has been no change in the past countless number of updates. in fact, it just keep getting worse. i get to see ads more than actual news feeds. also, forcing people to install messenger just to let them chat is another major blunder you people have made. both these apps take up so much of free space. it's like people buying their phones exclusively to access facebook. bullcrap. i can't even uninstall facebook because it was preloaded on my htc. damn you
too much space, constantly deletes itself, too many stupid ads for stuff i'd never consider using.  and a separate app for messenger_  pffffffft....wtg.
the newest problem _ the last 3_4 updates did not automatically installed. they gave error code _ 504. the same_old_ i see the feed filters, i don't have _most recent_ as default news feed. i see too much ads, too much _recommendations_. loads slowly. takes too much space and is heavy to the cpu and battery. the app sucks a lot. not hearing the user's opinion sucks even more.
could go with out so many ads but i do understand that the ads do help pay for costs.
i use the app everyday to keep in touch with family and friends and also to stay updated with whats is happening in the world. also i use it to manage my business advertising and marketing campaigns. very good_
i don't want to use the built in browser. it blows and all the sites that  use it have figured out how to force redirect ads to market place or other sites. besides it's slow and there are no navigation buttons.
every update introduces more bugs and adds more junk into the landfill site. it's never been a smooth, easy to use app that will be what the user wants. takes up too much space and you have to download a separate app just too message someone, but its probably better to go on my browser to use facebook however i just get spammed with useless advertising and amateur visuals. why can't facebook actually listen to the user and create an app that is smooth, reliable and visually desirable.
app and messenger app are always force closing. i wouldn't spend a penny on your terrible service. stick to selling annoying ads it's the only way you guys will stay in business instead of relying on customer service.
facebook is just getting to boring. to many ads and spam on the news feed and getting  friend request from fake accounts and random  people i don't know, you guys need to filter the facke accounts out.
i keep getting a black cloud saying i cannot reach facebook and i'm in my own home. i have to uninstall and then reinstall it for it to work for a couple of days. i do not like the amount of ads that they are pounding smith. i also don't like that this is what i did last year reminder.
the app is something of a necessary evil unless you choose to use the _more reliable and almost feature_equivalent_ mobile web version.  it's buggy, slow, never sorts stuff the way you want it.  there's a huge issue with using swiftkey to swipe a message when sharing a photo from the phone's gallery. the ads and videos are starting to get out of hand as well.
taking space of more than 5 apps.  almost taking half of my ram.... continuously update without major changes and the most irritating the way of advertising facebook messenger.  doesn't worth it.
galaxy note iii _ we rely on fb for our business, i realize its a free app and social network but come on guys let's get this working right_ update_ now videos crash the whole app... always an issue with this piece of crap software. also don't be sheeple_ they make a ton of money off the advertising, this app might be free to you but makes them revenue so don't hesitate to complain about the way it works or doesnt for that matter.
i don't use facebook every day so i don't play any games and i hate dumb comments, and dumb suggestion ads that tell me about some _it idc about . . . fb sucks let along big brother surveillance is on 24 x 7
every update introduces more bugs and adds more junk into the landfill site. it's never been a smooth, easy to use app that will be what the user wants. takes up too much space and you have to download a separate app just too message someone, but its probably better to go on my browser to use facebook however i just get spammed with useless advertising and amateur visuals. why can't facebook actually listen to the user and create an app that is smooth, reliable and visually desirable.
reads everything on your device and even listens to calls. showed a mechanic ad after got off the phone with my mom about fixing her car. only app that starts itself at boot up.
this update keep locking up my phone. the ads are just as bad to i know you make your money off of these ads but don't shove them down are throat. this program uses up to much memory and the way messenger is set up sucks balls
too many bugs, too much nonsense permission... too much advertising... and waaay to less connecting with who matters _pages and people_.
in the beginning it was nice but now i can't even open the app.  it advertises way too much and suggests too many things when all i had intended to use it for was to keep in touch with friends and family that live too far away. constantly notice errors and as long as it's been around it shouldn't have so many issues.
they fixed the problem i hated before.. still not a huge fan. not even my own friends on the home page any more. just ads and random videos
with all the money yall make off ads maybe it should be invested into a decent tech team. i cant upload any photos. note 2. the pics wont buffer for me to even select them _
ads pop up on my facebook constetly pleas fix wy ad pop ups
was fine until i started being flooded with ads. now using a third party app.
it's a great way to connect with friends. everything works as advertised.
download facebook lite for mobogenie and install not more than 300kb not ad trust me
keeps crashing when i try to watch ad infested web page videos
love fb on my phone. if i run out of messages or .ad signal i can stil chat
facebook as a while is less about connecting with those of shared interest and more about advertising and paying to have one's post viewed even by the people who have expressed an interest in all posts.  it is soon to be among those things i used to do.
it's been weeks now since i could open an external link from ur app , some kind of spamming ad always reload any page i try to open please fix this it's sooo frustrating _
its nice but reduce tha msnger ads
and getting sick of the scareware ads in links_
you gotta fix the issue. i cannot reload anymore. and new feeds do not refreshing anymore. and stop updating again and again. it consumes a lot of my monthly bandwidth updating your app. also please bring back the feeds controls.  you guys are becoming advertising hogs. more advertisements are being displayed that the relevant page notifications which i have liked. another annoying thing is the browser which half of the times doesn't loads images. and the stupid forcing of using the messenger.
for a company so obsessed with serving content, the latest updates to this app have absolutely crippled it.   pictures, videos, ads... all are so slow to load it's like being on an old dialup modem.   honestly, the poor performance of the app is making me use other social media and eschew facebook entirely.
yet another update, this time with added permission demands like reading your text msgs, browser history, accessed apps, none of which fb has any true need for. just another ploy to invade your privacy in order to customize the spam ads that flood your feed. also fb is consuming so much space on my phone, if it comes down to removing items to make room, fb goes first.
you do the best with this problem thank you and one thing that annoy me it is too many news and ads.
app just keeps getting worse and worse. today's problems are the end. this social media site is old school now. on to better with less ads.
there is an advertisement for every post on my wall. disabling the categories does not help either. good strategy from facebook to keep away from this app and do something productive
do not use this app_ they insist on ramming sketchy ads _ useless app suggestions down your throat on your news feed. you can block 'em, but they don't go away_ if it were possible to rate this app with anything less than one star, i would. facebook, are you actively trying to drive your users away_
can't deny that facebook penetrate our life as we would hate to admit. it connects people but less people posting nowadays. the main reason of not giving it a 5 stars is because of advertisements in it.
do you every get tired of the endless notifications on your wall that people post to. example_ videos, comments, ads, etc, etc, etc. wouldn't it be nice to click a button and clear the whole thing when i don't want or need to keep seeing what i didn't want to see in the first place.......how about it facebook.
it seems like this app gets slower, and dumber every update. i feel like there is an ad after every single post in the news feed. after about 5 minutes of scrolling through the feed, it automatically sends me back up to the top. then i have to scroll through all the ads just to get back to where i was, and then it _refreshes_ back up to the top.  maybe this is a bug, but some of the really bad _and outdated_ clients for facebook are still better than this piece of junk. uninstalled. i might try installing it again, but i will stick to the browser version edit_ came back 2 months later and a little bit better, but still slow
wow, facebook has more ads than a football game now_
it seems like everytime i look,facebook is either adding more money making schemes_advertisements_ in which to make them even more filthy rich than they already are.......or making damned sure only what they want goes up.
version 35 crashes everytime i scroll through a suggested _forced_ ad. spend some of that ad income on testing_
get rid of all the bs side stories that take me to stupid websites with a million ads
glitches. can't like ppls posts. can't get _other_ mail from this app on my phone. today is 4_15 and it still sux. now my ads in groups are messing up. can i give 0 stars_ updated today again 6_17_14 and now everything is screwed up. whoever works for them gets paid too much. last update 2015 is the worst.
sometimes it crashes. many ads for no reason. and it takes more space of how much it should. but i prefer it to web view.
fb is best platform to socialize _ also best option to put ad for small _ medium scale business.
been on facebook. a ad wanted to update it because it was slow, ad it has since failed to download.
because its fast and free to communication ad it has lock
my page is now flooded with crap from a discontinued web site for _gift of niceness_. 50 ads that are the same thing, over _ over _  i cant delete_ please fix this_
i'm so sick and tired of having to manually filter my news feed. i get it, sharing is the big thing now, but when you have friends, family, colleagues, etc sharing nonsense, fluff, prejudice, and blatant advertisements, it gets super old. i have yet to understand the algorithm at play that decides who or what's post will be displayed first. and if two or more people happen to share the same post, i have no option to hide. wtf_ i just want to see relevant status updates, not a bunch of crap.
no matter what i choose for news feed type.. top stories  or most recent.. it only shows top stories... why can't i ever see most recent_ select most recent and the first post is from days ago.. tf_ but those ads are always right at the top aren't they_ fb.. you've sold out your users for your sponsors.. you've gone against everything you initially stood for in  this program.. and you'll suffer for it.
app just keeps getting worse and worse. today's problems are the end. thus social media site is old school now. on to better with less ads.
since the update random ads for apps are popping up now when you are scrolling through the news feed or when you click on a video and then it takes you away from the video you clicked on into the ad. bogus_ seriously considering uninstalling now
ad u
your _intelligent_ algorithm does not show me stories from pages i have liked_subscribed to , and instead  shows me ads i don't give a damn about_   ...with organic reach less than 2_ ,you want everyone to reach audience by ads now ... _intelligent_ _ yeah, intelligent enough to care about money _ ... doomsday is near facebook.
the app stays open for 2 seconds and the force quits for no reason, and when it was functioning properly, the new update kept me from seeing recent statuses and only showed a few and a shitload of ads.
when clicking on links, it no longer users your own browser. same mistake as messenger integrating it within. facebook is trying to take over more functions of your phone for ad money. reinventing already good apps with bloated clunky crap. shoving it down your throat and then making the facebook app run poorly. eventually realizing their mistake and making it a separate app after months of poor ratings.
the app itself was alright. wants to constantly crash on me but idk if its because of my phone and it barely updates the newsfeed and alot of sponsored ads. needs a most recent option.
pop up ads starting from fb
i don't have a problem with facebook last time. now it gets more and more sucky as time pass. wtf_ facebook earn too much money from business for their advertising and disregard us_
app is always updating to better put ads in your face.
messaging feature works some of the time, but usually it just takes me to an ad for another app i don't want. stop trying to force more apps on us.
this is a good idea to advertise with your friends and colleagues
actual size of app is 168mb_ i'm surprised it's being advertised as way less. other than this, if you have the space on your phone, it's worth the download.
i love this app. for a while the advertising was getting obnoxious. but, now, it seems to be less obtrusive. i do dislike how facebook suggests friends that have no common friends with me. it's very annoying and dumb on facebook's part. i also want to be able to select who i want to get notifications for without having to pull up facebook on a separate browser. there should also be a _share as message_ option when you share a post.
you gotta fix the issue. i cannot reload anymore. and new feeds do not refreshing anymore. and stop updating again and again. it consumes a lot of my monthly bandwidth updating your app. also please bring back the feeds controls.  you guys are becoming advertising hogs. more advertisements are being displayed that the relevant page notifications which i have liked
as a user of facebooki am fully aware that i am providing zuckerberg with a product and am not a costumer but rather the product forsale to advertisers.
could you please make facebook move into memory card. it takes a big amount of memory just for this app. maybe i'm not the only one who have problems with memory storage. also, less ads if possible. thanks.
slow and too much ad
so with the last upgrade, no link to my notes but i get damned links to instagram and ad manager, both of which i will never use_ sure would love to be able to access my notes and write new ones again.
they keep getting worse with the updates_ can't just leave well enough alone_....yup 3 months later and it still sucks_ get with the program sucker_berg_.....yup still sucks 3 years later_ need to fix the feed. can't see the most recent posts without trouble, and it's mostly ads and garbage pages. go back to how it was 4 years ago_
hate that you have to have messenger to contact people. and all the ads every 2 or so stories.
newest update is the worst one yet. very hard to watch video links, they won't open full screen and most you can only see half the screen. following post links takes you to a page so full of spam ads that you can't scroll down it let alone read it. terrible app.
taking control away from users_  shame on you _ hiding recent stories option for timeline_news feed is a big play for advertising.  really sucks.  using web view now. _1
so with the last upgrade, no link to my notes but i get a damned link to instagram and ad manager, both of which i will never use_ sure would love to be able to access my notes and write new ones again.
friends telling me i mentioned them in a comment when i didn't, ads keep popping up, messed up my phone.
facebook is the worst social networking app. mark _berg is making billions by selling ads at the cost of users privacy. _saynotofacebook
plz remove ads .so annoying sites are displaying y is this happening_sort out this problem
can't deny that facebook penetrate our life as we would hate to admit. it connects people but less people posting nowadays. the main reason of not giving it a 5 stars is because of advertisements in it.
i hate the ads _ its stupid you can't delete from your news feed if more then one person shares a post
it makes your phone to connect internet even when you manually disable it. hugely slows your device, no matter if you have an i9 processor. ads in your timeline. you need to install messenger in another crappy app to be able to chat. a holy joke.
it's where my virginity  was broken ad became unique  2 god's  matters.
wish notifications from facebook app, groups, messenger appears in their apps not in the facebook app.  the app is faster, and loads images and video very nicely.  i have to add a friend normally first, before i can make him_her a close friend. is there any other way to change that.  oh .... stop the ads campaign. its killing me. also ever since i installed groups app, my post are doubled is their a solution for that _
what the hell man. the app consumes almost 700mb of ram and is using a lot of storage space. plus, it hangs and freezes too often. ads all over the place. links opened redirect to adverts. this app is getting useless day after day.
what the hell man. the app consumes almost 700mb of ram and is using a lot of storage space. plus, it hangs and freezes too often. ads all over the place. links opened redirect to adverts. this app is getting useless day after day.
i click a news feed story and it never loads without an app advertisement. the videos for utube loads either not at all or with no sound. videos mind you, that work fine when i look them up on my utube  app. get it together guys_
stop advertising games. you close what ever i am doing and send me to the app store. please stop or i'll move to twitter.
too many advertisements. otherwise not a bad app
it's running _ loading so slow even with 3g n when all other apps r working butter smooth. can't see comments n visit friends profiles as before. page s getting filled with more ad's.
i would give it no stars but carnt what a joke carnt read things that have been posted as sayong facebook stopped working or adverts cone up on pages and carnt get back to them absolutely shocking
just wish i could _dislike_ something.... too many ads, but love it all the same_ how else will i know what my acquaintance from college ate for breakfast_ 
facebook is more worried about money and ad revenue than putting out a working product anymore.
everytime i check my messages, the ad of messenger keeps on popping_ it's kind'a irritating. please fix this.
facebook, a great tool for advertising or catching up with old friends, has many pros and cons to using the service. do you know how much information facebook actually collects_ when, where and how your information is being used_ who its being shared with_ before anyone uses facebook or any of its affiliates, i'd recommend checking out the terms of service and the privacy policy. i'm 100_ sure many things will surprise you _ this will change some of your actions and behaviours on fb.
you guys need to slow down your drills and revoke these insane permissions.  you already sell our data to advertisement companies why do you need to read our texts_
the app constantly freezes. the pictures won't load. but plenty of ads will. fix the issues_
the app kept updating but no 'upgrade' made it any better. articles crash almost every time, it will tell me a comment hasn't posted when it has, amd the constant advertising has to stop. i didn't realise how bad it was until i deleted this app and moved to the desktop version. please, please fix and i'll be back.
this app crashes every time i try and watch a video that's been embedded into a post or advert.
as much as it's kind of nice not going to pages outside of facebook you can no longer click on any of the pictures and see the advertisers just a heads up. ie_ ad for photo quilt. click the photo or the see here link and you get looped back to top of your own page instead.
as much as it's kind of nice not going to pages outside of facebook you can no longer click on any of the pictures and see the advertisers just a heads up. ie_ ad for photo quilt. click the photo or the see here link and you get looped back to top of your own page instead.
then an update or two and it is possibly worse than ever. no rhyme or reason to newsfeed order that i can find, and no way to change it. i get halfway through reading a post and newsfeed refreshes and it's gone. if i open a link to one of those funny lists i am so slammed with constant pop up ads that i either give up or it freezes the app and i have to force close it. i want facebook, not a propaganda machine trying to get me to look at what you think i want to look at.
constantly saying app is not responding, please sort this out because i use it for my business and advertising..it is one of my main advertising aspects.
with the new update, it always freezes, won't load news feed while i'm in wifi, and almost every time i click on it or have been on more than 5 minutes google play pops up with some app. ads. i'm seeing stories from yesterday nothing new and i've been in wifi and had to redownload twice this week after it uninstalled itself. not pleased.
is it the freezing app every time i click a shared link_ or maybe the deleted posts and political bs_ or is it all the ads that never stay away and clutter more of my feed than anyone i know_ facebook, you're getting ridiculous. but who cares, you know not even enough people to make a dent will drop your app.
its very quick but lot of ads make me bore over all it is good application
hey guys at facebook_ you mind reducing these weird ads that keep popping out whenever i read articles shared by friends on my newsfeed_ it's pretty annoying and i am not lazy. so i don't need the _lazy swipe_ app.
force close after updated, can't fix even reinstall. hate it too much ads, plus, the function _see less from xxx_ seem not working at all
too many unwanted ads and no way to hide or get rid of them.  seems like every update makes the app less easy or simple to use. i use other social apps more now.
i m sorry but whenever i try to open up a page that requires browser it automatically redirects to a app ad.. which i really don't want to see. n even clicking on skip it do nt do that and pressing back button closes the app
the developers are faking their own 5 star reviews to keep ratings up. if you go down far enough you'll see tons of 5 star ratings where absolutely no words are written. also i have to uninstall all updates just to be able to upload pictures or videos. they've been illegally spying on my web history to send me ads, and have invaded my privacy.
zuckerburgs out to rape every bit of info out your life to sell to advertising to make him more money, the app rapes your phone and slows it so bad,
because it contains a lot of ads
consume lots of ram and lots of data searching alternative with out as ads
pictures won't load, videos won't load, it constantly freezes my phone up, and i have to force close it. showing wayyyyyy too many ads, isn't showing things my friends post, and if you _like_ something, it moves you up several comments, so you lose your place. also, my newsfeed will refresh, in the middle of reading something, then the article will disappear_ this is ridiculous. fix this_
the mobile app is just a slightly less good version of the website. the nice thing is less ads.
useful applications _ the registration of who you invited, register here, this nickname. buxlo especially do anything and do not need, just you on your smartphone or on your computer will be coming advertising banner that appears at the screen and everything, it can not even look you turn _ the money credited to check_ create the partners that would make bolshe.p.s. login without entering a person who invited you to create an account will not work, alas. tab enter buxlo
facebook now blocks 3rd party apps from accessing your wall to force you to use their app, except the widgets available are horrible and display only 1 status at a time. just a way to force you until being bombarded with ads and tracking.
updates ... yet ad teruuus week updates ....
in five days, with how little use the phone without wifi, used 400mb of data rate, opening it only once _. and all notifications that arrive are you just advertising. uninstalled and web access.
since the 9.5. nothing goes more_ it will disappear in the messages no _ pictures_ not one_ oh must correct myself. .. at the sch ... advertising is, even videos are displayed. although can read everything, but that really benefits me probably not what_ an absolute no go_ the problem should be resolved quickly_ _
want to earn without doing anything, download the app globe mobile _ when registration is required to write priglasivshego_ kot2910 login and receive a bonus currency evra. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlock, or swing on a computer where the cup advertising goes.
application does not load the pictures correctly and direct page link face opens with errors and advertisements that you can not close.
it shows notifications when i get a message, but the notification just takes me to an ad for a different app.
recent update us just worst..100times showing log ib expired...ad slower than a snail...my mobile usually doesnt gets hangd...bt aftr updte whnevr i opn fb..it gets hangg
earn lying on the couch_ drill application globe mobile phone or pc_ when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. the app is great _
in addition to slow, it became boring, full of advertising ...
i think this one finally pushed me over the edge of uninstalling this advertisement filled, misinforational, overexadurated utopia of an app and social network. _ samsung note 4
built_in browser is very annoying _ it doesn't play ads for youtube so should be one star _
good tu ad
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive advertising banner that appears when you unlock the screen on your phone or pc, to put like and get more money_ currency in euros_ when become lead _olegon74_ and start earning_
lots of irritating ads
the mssenger ad irritates plz remove inviting others we cant message using tjis app
the most useful appendix play store it _globe mob_ reviewed to pay for advertising. all honest, no cheating_ please become and start earning. invited sondo
ad if phaj station for smooth implementation update this dag ma supply lag updated 2 real ad
for a while now, whenever i click a link in facebook _like funny lists or something_, i am not sent to pne of my browsers. instead i het the abridged version of a browser that sends me to some crappy app i am supposed to download from play store. i download stuff when i want to, stop rubbing ads in my face the second you get the chance_
or through ad
earn lying on the couch_ drill application globe mobile phone or pc_ when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. the app is great _
cool gk ad apliksasi force_ dhp dbuka gk can continue my lg
there is a great app for zarobotka called globus_mobile. i do not need anything. just close the advertising that comes when you unlock the screen, and all dripping denezhka _ when you register you can enter the name of the invited _ ivo _. either zaguglit_ ivo.globus_inter p.s.ne require any investment, let's get together, that's enough to look at how others do it_
stars come out loans on future ad finished
ad review .. dum go slower each time update is why ...
you all escho watch free advertising_ other long been prepared for utb dengi.hotite learn how utb create one_ in the play store to download the app globe mobile and install it to pay anything nenado.pri registratsyi lead, asked_ mrkoval and zarobatyvayte
seems to have q_ many people are using fb, so the ad did not want to develop better based on the remarks of the user's own evidence, it must ...
make all these globes, etc. separate service feedback_ plei market has turned into some kind of advertising nonsense _of all these calls register is not clear where it is practically impossible to find real reviews of downloadable application _
advertising facebook already got would score 0, i would. she put
not satisfied with a _but_ _ the messenger remove advertisements or make that it can be removed. not much, but interferes ..
there are great deals _globe mobile swing through the play store_ there and install, not what you need_ just watch nenavyazchivayu advertising stavesh lyke and get more money_ in euro_ when you register _it becomes a question of who priglaschon_ in the lead and starts kapoli zarobatyvat_
advertising zadolbala _
it is a pity that can not be less. for its advertising just already tired. if this continues then just delete it. so spoil ...... and also called sots.set. just advertising agency.
hmm, using facebook can link the device to the game and all. _not in the subject_ here zahra advertising some applications to make money in google around to do _
knp each ad renewal
the advertising is annoying and the messenger forced fortiori.
gak resfect. .cuma renewal aje in gedein tp gak ad results ape _for tampilan'y
now there are a lot of people cheated of money through facebook ad see no way prevent the account from being lost_
the class of the program_ and for those who want to earn viewing advertisements recommend skachyat with market_ globe_mobile and sign up on the invitation_ zlat888 going strong team with earnings of up to 82 euros per day_ join us and invite your friends_
puts register in a row invited fotik1979 write and start earning on viewing advertising
mother of my child it shall be gioi facebook gj subject to a community page by bar create a new one, they can accept up call to both the 1000 you confirm the identity apparel ad xac _ ma cai lon
what happened can not be opened or 1 article sings advertising and google throws in the play delirium
honestly what is the middle of it when i write, do not have the phone and turn again go or if i got it in your hand and not press either the play goals with apps which should i buy like eg candy crush or a facebook ad that i had won_
register at globe mobile and earn money evro.pri registration prefilled invited ed0905.vs_ running in the background rezhime.svoih not invest money nado.horoshaya increase to the salary and pensii.eto just best place to advertise.
globus_mobile application provides the opportunity to earn real money just by viewing the pictures advertising _ during registration to specify a name priglosivshego _ alhyn
too slow. ad review and debugging
kay grams of ad space
after the last application was dead updates. loading a minimum of 2 minutes androyd 4.0. for messages need a separate messenger, dead made internal browser to open links. in view of the two news takes up to 5 minutes of waiting _ a pointless prepared advertising selections were more than the free toy. goodbye facebook to mobile_
it appears advertising at once _ not go
hopefully in the next update will also cases notified k k fb phan.hoi that desire can chat directly through fb k should always use via messenger. need lighter updates smoother. nh_u fault in this update. looking forward urgently revised ad
ad new version. return gi.cham w_ sluggish.
facebook to go and play tore open. since when facebook must be supported by advertising_ especially since the news nicjt update since the last update
when i go to pages linked to as a day to view that direct notocia page out all in white and black letters paracer not recognizing the format of the page but cuandi from google is better but the trouble is that lagea and leaves an ad ae expected to close facebook stopped. and it gets cerra black and not close to anything and i have to remove the battery. i fix it
prilozhnie _globe mobile_ download all free to play market, the registration input leshikru in line and start visiting zarobatyvat coin of hits for advertising, invite friends, other relative and feel the profits on full automatic, good luck
thi..de ngj feel ve ben nt ad see vs hybrid pan pe
my heavy ad later ..chac new ipad user only through .chu z dc subject to floating machine.
sometimes did not even log into my ad
earn lying on the couch_ drill application globe mobile phone or pc_ when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. the app is great _
earnings in euro _ subscribe to globe mobile. join ovc2005.nichego team deal_ just close the advertising window on your phone or pc. during registration enter ovc2005 name. the best and easiest earnings _
j fb dm cans constantly updated ma ko lam nen hon hon cream chac this ad ad aug few years ago
please krngin advertisement ny ... bwt hp tdi lolaa..dri jdi ku aja fb ads ,,, want mkek hp jdi kganggu _
please krngin advertisement ny ... bwt hp tdi lolaa..dri jdi ku aja fb ads ,,, want mkek hp jdi kganggu _
ad huck thayoukanyes
terrible  no pics  show up keeps saying not responding and so many ads  can't wait  for something  new to come out so i can get rid of fb
supposedly mesenger own ad in this fb app to make it more concise or ga complicated, in addition to making a lot of notifications and icon2 jg menu makes a lot of storage memory consumption ..
samsung galaxy tab 2 has no load dc. ad overcome d_m go
increasingly slow. my ad back the old version. early ad m_h desire to restore the capacity and speed.
constantly crashes and pop up ads upon loading.  facebook now spams with pop up ads_ uninstalling.
i can't believe anybody would give this version a good rating. stop with the pop up ads
disability ad appeared trus
esque wings are giving you a lot of advertising sexes is opiblicasiones dry for is all that is wrong
i have to sevmem purpose whether advertisement
since the last update _april 2015_, he opens himself from all each advertising clutter over the internet_ terribly worthless_
my fb name themselves do not like does not comment not only receive the application for ad dum
the entrance is bi bi lai lai bat skin look forward ad
earn lying on the couch_ drill application globe mobile phone or pc_ when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. the app is great _
do you want to earn up to 50 euros per day, virtually nothing, just laykaesh unobtrusive advertising. rock mobile globe program, enter login invited marri10 and get into my team, adds, and together we will make real money. have problems, please contact us by e_mail, help than i can
the flights from idea was good but diverted for profitable this network n is nothing social. an apology for advertising without interest
ad stupid
beautiful and easy to use social programs to communicate and obtain interesting information, advertising, and all in one place. i like it very much_
sao crab page you downloaded that no bum see anything zay ad hok
dkm ad
yireolkkeomyeon eopdet versed why, how pebuk increasingly bad advertising is only jinya
nervt real ..._ fly constantly out ... is sometimes so slow that i have no bock to read on facebook what ... and generve increasingly for advertising updates or other shit ... quality drops sharply ... and fast _ i'm not a bit more satisfied with facebook ... will soon be gone ... mfg so zimlich everyone i know ...
all beug more i can share my album even more advertising or they give us more choices may just have to share on our wall a n anything each updated with stuff less and more shit
facebook simply .. but it could be an application without ads and nonsense around. _
there is alot of advertisements and otherspam and less and less of the more important stuff such as status updates from friends.
prilozhnie _globe mobile_ download all free to play market, the registration input leshikua in line and start visiting zarobatyvat coin of hits for advertising, invite friends, other relative and feel the profits on full automatic, good luck
for a star is still unfortunately for me ... to run the fuck vailon what do eat ram seats z ... j cc slow while also increasingly severe .... cow eats ram like the guy drinking the ad nc..gop .... fuck ignored by the world to do business as cc _ ....
disappointed long loading frequent updates but gk ad peningakatan, kesel so ny how ni masbro pembaruanya i was very disappointed with knpa app like this could ny
android version have much less option than computer version _ when press back, it didnt return to that part, but to very top page, and i need to scroooolll againn_ fb now adding too much crap, ads, shit page, and please remove the f_ckin game invitation
to always stay updated release. my ad whittle
you want to earn while lying on the couch_ drill globe mobile app on your phone or pc_ when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. start earning money with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. the app is great _
its configuration is pure obstacles up to clear photos at the same time leaves not extend the subject all are obstacles for q are hook them q of more people sticking and snagging as bobos to bring them put advertising q is what q live. so many obstacles in their configurations. q want to make clear the use but also protest entangle people with their wiles in their false configurations are nothing q practices and do not know if i believe a donkey or a genius q do not think much.
he said even slow lbih ad cepat..yg
spyware ... newly free chat with advertising on their stupid ala malware applications ... makes use other applications on the news
hai.gio increasingly worse update the screen to see what the fuck white cm luon.ad give it the go get this app and know
disappointed long loading frequent updates but gk ad peningakatan, kesel so ny how ni masbro with pembaruany
kyak dick ad gx x guna.a thu messenger lola snail cam .. ni pn fb mintak d updated every day.
ugly ,,, tpi updates that ndak new ad, scrap ee pnohhh ram ....
ad oi. green finished the updates below have the status, image, r ad takes place
ad oi.lam ear grace the old version alone.
do you want to earn up to 50 euros per day, virtually nothing, just laykaesh unobtrusive advertising. rock mobile globe program, enter login invited marri10 and get into my team, adds, and together we will make real money. have problems, please contact us by e_mail, help than i can
rather too many people complaining about this version because it's so creamy and so many words but not for the revised ad,
reduce the size of mobile ad ...
do the ads between pages. edaga attracting film title aggro look into each other but each page ads no cases no apparent haejugo coming up. and look lotta love edaga majors at low tide cartoon advertising almost half mad every time i open ...
do the ads between pages. edaga attracting film title aggro look into each other but each page ads no cases no apparent haejugo coming up. and look lotta love edaga majors at low tide cartoon advertising almost half mad every time i open ...
error no upload button to review travel .ad
cdm shock as ad
y_c ad fix dum
ad loz. dt were weaker every update
unable to dc. heavy and slow k dc .... update ad sales rather tn tn k considered stable
globe mobile app, where you can make money, and in evro..prosto see ad .. register under me mencha
why e download any suitable detectors k vs version android.vay how to download the appropriate version ad here_ e used android4.0.3
a good ad
works good._ there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive advertising banner that appears when you unlock the screen on your phone or pc, to put like and get more money_ currency in euros_ during registration enter the invited _iramiz74_ and start earning_ p.s. login without entering a person who invited you to create does not work, alas.
say you notice there_ the conditions are pure theft _ you've probably never heard of or privacy_ i really hope that you showered you with lawsuits and advertisements and make it your damn close up shop can _
despite wlan ad pictures ewig..kommentare i have 2_3 times post before it works .... really great update was _
he earned a advertapp mobile. enter 4v8pr code and immediately get the money into the account _
ad fix the descendant
thank ad
you want to earn while lying on the couch_ drill globe mobile app on your phone or pc_ when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. start earning money with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. the app is great _
no current font in the ad machine oh _
each site that was formerly opened on facebook, has been opened as normal without advertising, now we are littered with advertising
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive advertising banner that appears when you unlock the screen on your phone or pc, to put like and get more money_ currency in euros_ when become lead _olegon74_ and start earning_
at the time of this application but ad udh gw sister menghapusny
there is a super app _globe mobile_ watch ads that flies on the screen of your smartphone or pc, just set the screen lock like, and get paid for it denyuzhku, currency euro _ when you register to enter _max0109_ _to count who invited you _ and start earning in a place_ and most importantly do not need to sit on the site and click on the advertising _
there is a super app _globe mobile_ watch ads that flies on the screen of your smartphone or pc, just set the screen lock like, and get paid for it denyuzhku, currency euro _ when you register to enter _max0109_ _to count who invited you _ and start earning in a place_ and most importantly do not need to sit on the site and click on the advertising _
i can only recommend_ those who do not go bad telo_ it's so good_ everything goes advertisements are not, do not throw it out_ simply super_ only the hungarian language could be too_
ad 2 should give users the option to retain only a simple message or download additional higher messager but has pressed the user must download ram consuming. users on the comments
fb increasingly be significant too. what is the need to use additional applications messager, when using this ud prone may.xong trimmer and this why smaller icont icont ud the other_ ad review.
too many ads
you want to earn while lying on the couch_ drill globe mobile app on your phone or pc_ when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. start earning money with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. the app is great _
please fix the cell phone ad
ad fix goes
advertarr _ the most profitable topic _ install any applications and games _ and get paid for it, and more money _
earn money from the wind, i poprobyval identity is not much yet but 20 rubles already est.advertapp only when'll include your signup 0s7rr this promotion code for 15 rubles at become
thanks to the new face of the ad which endorsed dc e iu m
when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. start earning money with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. super app _
actually nice cuman many ads
just catch identity verification for ad r em locked nick a bl
k dc content you see yourself already like vs comet nua.chan qua.ghet this change of ad
star nhiu memory accounting for loan w .. ad see cell hybrid
the pub, the pub and even the pub _can not open a link without being overrun with advertising pages. it is a horror_. updates that are useless. the application is very slow, on top of that, she plants recently on my pity t_l_phone.c'est_ wake up and do something about all these drawbacks_
facebook is often chopped 0 safety tooooooo much advertising just bad
cool apka, but recently it started to irritate me brazen display of ads. looking over some news, i am not able to open contained in these films, photographs, because jumps advertising whom i can not close the _x_. _when you click refresh x is the content of the message, along with a window advertising which after all shut up. and so over and over maciej_. 1 gives an asterisk, for me it w..rwia to the max. a similar problem i noticed other other smartphones.
cool apka, but recently it started to irritate me brazen display of ads. looking over some news, i am not able to open contained in these films, photographs, because jumps advertising whom i can not close the _x_. _when you click refresh x is the content of the message, along with a window advertising which after all shut up. and so over and over maciej_. 1 gives an asterisk, for me it w..rwia to the max. a similar problem i noticed other other smartphones.
no advertising works quickly on the samsung galaxy s4
here it is possible for free to earn money and spend it in the games, to pay for paid apps_ just when the gadget screen viewing ads appeared on the show ekrane.posle euros on your personal account. during registration, the first field to write who invited you. without it, the registration will not work _ write my nickname vystrel and invite more to us in a team of people will be swimming in money _
there are great deals _globe mobile swing through the play store_ there and install, not what you need_ just watch nenavyazchivayu advertising stavesh lyke and get more money_ in euro_ when you register _it becomes a question of who priglaschon_ in the lead and starts kapoli zarobatyvat_
annoying  ad pages on in_built browser. still can't see a page after a few seconds.
bi loi ban this ad
when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 and get a bonus in the euro currency. start earning money with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. super app_
i can not understand what the faculty building every complain facebook works as it should. no advertising, no hack nic. that will fall, it is a matter of your phone, not the application.
globe_mobile _ excellent application to run on the internet. earnings based on the husky advertisements or click on a link. payments are made in euros, at current exchange rate is very good. must have money you can to webmoney and paypal. when you register in the _who invited you_ enter_ cadmus without filling in this field can not register. all good earnings.
why bother constantly updated while the update later time than the old error also get involved. but the more error more updates. medium heavy machine consuming memory to play not just dc. i suggest upgrading the ad has always made time for dag 1. 1000mb we also get involved tui try upgrading again. so rather frustrating situation too
since the last update it is simply passed on pages that do obviously advertising. but everything else iss clear or_
only garbage _ nothing works properly, and what annoys correct the batty advertising is that you do not even now click away or can block. man is basically forced to look at their advertising garbage _ would not even give one star, but unfortunately you have it, yes.
do you want to earn up to 50 euros per day, virtually nothing, just laykaesh unobtrusive advertising. rock mobile globe program, enter login invited sergey38 and get into my team, adds, and together we will make real money. have problems, please contact us by e_mail, help than i can
ads are not mowing without problems goes on to run the tablet without bse problem, i suggest
ad copy does not have any comments you every state sticker
spyware ... newly free chat with advertising on their stupid ala malware applications ... makes use other applications on the news
naq q_ maze, consuming q_ ram, and the surf is mild face otherwise smooth for 2sao ad ....
it's good sites out there but i jump the same ads
my increasingly heavy ad ... haiz each update notification every time scared enough space k
the game green farm 3 it is necessary to take part in actions but as if i can not log in and if i can what i need 2_00 and all because of your application some have it strange questions incorrectly registered with horseradish. and still others dudes zaoabatyvt loot when laykaesh advertising_ just because money is not handed out, if so then i write as
globe_mobile _ excellent application to run on the internet. earnings based on the husky advertisements or click on a link. payments are made in euros, at current exchange rate is very good. must have money you can to webmoney and paypal. when you register in the _who invited you_ enter_ cadmus without filling in this field can not register. all good earnings.
facebook sao asynchronous color application with the status bar that ad. back remainder of the section on black again
fb app show bara advertising pages i've corpse. personal updates are nil
zadolbali with his control. soon nothing will not solve. just sit down and see how syncs with the address book, a lot of people i know can be your instant messengers and push zadolbali. i live without your spam somehow. the idea of _the social network has ended. we are now rabbits for shoving advertising.
let me ask what i want you now, your account manager will ntn 1 ad because of past information had been disclosed i wish ad infringement please help me ak thanks nick facebook
my fb app on my newish phone an lg3 takes forever to load. i seem to have the most trouble when i'm connected to wifi, pictures just don't load at all. other apps appear to be working fine so it seems to be an app issue. i also spend much less time of fb these days as there seems to be a new culture of 'liking' and posting useless videos and ads. if i wanted to see that stuff i'd be on youtube or watching tv. i'm on facebook to hear about my friend's life, but few of them actually post anymore.
excessive advertising
kera misery _ ad writes that the file is invalid .. omg. fb .. and this is for one dick fuck nooo value
whether pc or mobile phone ... only shit ... the main thing the advertising runs. eternally slow load times, sauschlechte compounds. search straight alternatives. have just found that i no longer purely come, sometimes nice.
why not ease lending dc hinh ad
after updates ......not able to upload pics _ resolve this issue ad soon as possible.
you wonder how many times a day you turn on your gadget_ on this you can earn_ download globe_mobile, register evcklid nickname _without this in any way_ and get euro per view advertising_ do not intrusive_ only when you unlock the screen_ everything depends on you_
globe_mobile _ excellent application to run on the internet. earnings based on the husky advertisements or click on a link. payments are made in euros, at current exchange rate is very good. must have money you can to webmoney and paypal. when you register in the _who invited you_ enter_ cadmus without filling in this field can not register. all good earnings_
here it is possible for free to earn money and spend it in the games, to pay for paid apps_ just when the gadget screen viewing ads appeared on the show ekrane.posle euros on your personal account. during registration, the first field to write who invited you. without it, the registration will not work _ write my nickname vystrel and invite more to us in a team of people will be swimming in money _
globe_mobile _ excellent application to run on the internet. earnings based on the husky advertisements or click on a link. payments are made in euros, at current exchange rate is very good. must have money you can to webmoney and paypal. when you register in the _who invited you_ enter_ cadmus without filling in this field can not register. all good earnings_
but sometimes charging fast as advertising on polsat
ads are berbattt suggestions, etc.
what bothers me is the long wait and the fb always abschmiert to update much more slowly and have also android when iphone worse and please update these annoying ads of fix thanks
ad oi vegetarian fiir cham lai de nag through
there are great deals _globe mobile swing through the play store_ there and install, not what you need_ just watch nenavyazchivayu advertising stavesh lyke and get more money_ in euro_ when you register _it becomes a question of who priglaschon_ in the lead and starts kapoli zarobatyvat_
nang mb wa k tai duoc ad ah.
mong ad on facebook load lai.chu edit user is required to download too messaging software even features nua.da pesky game machine.
wwa mb loan nag ad copy,
heavy capacity, sometimes as freezing, slow loading, ad needs to improve so that the lighter
reduce travel ad dluong
lm ad strabismus
latest version won't allow scrolling down... fix it_   le_ it scrolls to the first ad _suggestion_, then you cannot move from there up nor down_ f..k your ads_
load cham wa ad oi..con hay bj dug im nua chu
use slow loaww bored vs lg wa wa my ad
globe_mobile _ excellent application to run on the internet. earnings based on the husky advertisements or click on a link. payments are made in euros, at current exchange rate is very good. must have money you can to webmoney and paypal. when you register in the _who invited you_ enter_ cadmus without filling in this field can not register. all good earnings_
pathetic attempt to overtake ... vkontakte messenger otdelno_ such stupidity, is clearly not a jew came up_. it weighs douya _ constantly running, even if the process is frozen through time starts again_ you may disable it deleted, all will go to uhy through ruth_ idiotivnoe menu, as well as how to display the information ... is used as free advertising for more stranitsy_ no good_
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive ads that appear when you unlock the screen, becoming the like and get more money_ currency in euros_ when become lead _olegon74_ and start earning_
already there aja mash w download ads for menguduh ..... ga jelassssss
ads continue to appear over _ over after i press that i don't want to see them. if i like a post it has disappeared . just getting worse_
why klo view the status of all psti orng ad words _just_ pdahal the status 3 days ago
i don't want to download the app messenger but the advertisement won't give me access to my messages
hoi bi loi, more ad
takes some getting used to, but a terrific new concept. i just can't stand all the ads i now get. 5 stars if it didn't come with so many ads_
please ad swype to type function and next word suggestions otherwise great app
it's ok. there's some weird color flickering thing going on when i type. but the fact that it arbitrarily inserts url ads into my text messages is the reason i'll be uninstalling it now. if there was a way to turn that ridiculousness off, i'd probably use it more.
please ad swype to type function
good job with the no ad
i want to give a five but it advertises trace _swipe_ but still can't get it to work
great and easy to use. customizable and the inclusion of ads in the free version is not too bad, they are small and generally out of the way
with all of the things popping up, it looks like one of those gif internet ads.
droid maxx has huge issues with drainage of battery _ ram very fast from google keyboard _ swiftkey. i cannot use either. i own one more, after paying for it, all of a sudden there were ads, i had paid to get rid of. as for swiping or gesturing, i don't care about that. i don't want gifs or stickers clogging up my photo gallery. just had to uninstall kika, btw, they are using your stuff claiming it as theirs, just a little hint.
nothing else to say. great app, free, and no ads. in my top 5 must download apps.
adjustable size of the keyboard, tons of personalization options to choose from, different languages, colors, themes, iphone emojis, gifs, stickers, you name it _ it's there_ all for free_ no advertisement_ no freezing_ i will never use another keyboard_ please note that fleksy could use a parenting control _4 stars for displaying sexually sugestive gifs_, but if you're over 18, go for it_ strongly recommended_
recently started ads after free trial and they aren't intrusive
fantastic upgrade from the original keyboard for my droid turbo. everything works as advertised for me.
i don't like that it advertises the keyboard when i send a sticker or gift especially since i have put money into this app, please make this something you can turn off if you donate or remove it, thanks
now it's slowly become one big ad for emojis. i'm sure the name will change to _fleksy's neon smiley factory emoji_sticker_gif keyboard_ in the next update. the app store is full of keyboards for 13 year old girls, i'm not sure why you guys decided to go that route too. no thank you, i'm an adult.
they advertise auto learn which is nice and all but even while its enabled,  i find that every single time i type a word its not familiar with, it doesnt learn it to and i have to force it to.  but the next time i use the word,  it still auto corrects as if it never learned the word. only problem with the app.
okay, i'll get to my problem first. i have auto learn on as well as dictionary entries but it seems whenever i try out a new theme i lose most of my pre entered words and often have to retype_enter them. also the theme customization menus feel like they need refinement, particularly the close button location when choosing colours. alright, that said, this app is amazing. great job. love the size of the keys, the swiping functions, lack of intrusive ads and the customization tools etc. best keyboard by far.
this app forced my browser to open malware ad pages that caused my phone to vibrate. i have no problem with a free app displaying ads. i have a problem when it forces another app to display malware.
it looks nice and you can adjust the buttons. no ads as of now, which is nice. however, some words you'll repeatedly type over and over again and it still changes them. like you can type the word three times within ten seconds and it will continue to change it. it lags a little bit sometimes on a flagship android phone as well.
needs to not try to advertise itself in my messages with random links but pretty good.
ive had to uninstall and reinstall several times for gifs to stay at the top. all of a sudden the keyboard opens and gifs at the too are gone.. with no way to get them back even if you remove and re ad them from their menu. its the only reason i used this keyboard. its full of glitches
ads suck but love that i get to personalize my keyboard and message colors.
i like the keyboard layout ad themes, but i have to disable auto correction words or suggestion and swipe because english is not my primary languages, i like how easy typing with  flexy, thankyou for developing this keyboard app
the themes were neat. the graphics interesting, but a keyboard needs more than looks. addons detector says advertising and analytics addons in the app that may _or may not_ be tracking me. i'm not taking any chances... uninstall uninstall
it takes a little getting used to buy i find it really quick and easy to use. lots of themes and extra content other apps don't give and there are no adverts or pay walls_
cool love this, and nice to see it has ios versions too , hope there's no plan to put some ads in it _p
does what is advertised just not a fan of the fact that the keys are constantly displayed as capital letters.  there is no real way to know if shift is pressed in certain colored themes.
ok so the ads were not from fleksy i guess.....  but it takes way too long to pop up for a keyboard app.
i see the community pack ad at the top in the themes menu but, i touch it and it gives me a small message telling me to unlock it for free. the bundle isn't at the bottom. i would love to get them.
no ads, no gimmicks, just a well designed easy to use keyboard. love the ability to store passwords as hotkeys, here ends having to type in an overly complicated multi case password. brilliant_ and the size can be made huge for super easy, super speedy typing. the onky thing i cant find is arrow keys_
nothing else to say. great app, free, and no ads.
i type a few words and press space and then lost all the alphabet i typed. sometime center line all alphabet double press become space. dishonourable apps. dont advertise too much before you fix. i waste 20 over minutes to type this comment.. poor keyboard ever.. uninstall
right with the recent update there is a barage of full screen ads......  even after having a full version...... way too many of them..... or am i the only one facing this prob.....  also it takes way too long ro pop up for a keyboard app.
right with the recent update there is a barage of full screen ads......  even after having a full version...... way too many of them.....  so bye bye fleksy
maybe ad an extension for tapping a suggested word instead of swiping as well_
however the snippet expansion extension won't convert an abbreviation to my email address, please help_ paid users shouldn't have the fleksy ad show up when gifs
the only thing that lacks charm is it has not support simplified chinese characters. it cannot beat samsung note 2 on board keyboard though. but it is still good enough to beat swiftkeys. let it stay compact and without ads, ok _
this is not free. downloaded legacy first and then downloaded this. only to find out the themes aren't free. stop false advertising. false claims. i can sue you in court for this. why say it's _completely free_ when it isnt.
works as advertised. great autocorrect.
after spending a few minutes with the new keyboard, i enjoyed it and wanted the chameleon theme. i clicked the upgrade button beside the chameleon theme _2.00_ to purchase it. it brought me to the play store to purchase the full version of flesky  _or so i thought_. after confirming the purchase, flesky reinstalled. after paying _2.00_ to _upgrade_, i still had to pay another _3.55 to purchase the chameleon theme_ false advertisement and deceiving_
prediction doesn't work as advertised and why would i hunt and peck when i can swipe.. pay for a keyboard then find out literal every feature is behind a pay wall.. this should be free if they are going to charge for features..
in the trial app they tell you to _upgrade_ to get the other color schemes. i upgraded and now they want to charge me .99 cents for color schemes. this is blatant false advertising. i am very unhappy with this deceitful behavior. please refund my purchase.
prediction doesn't work as advertised and why would i hunt and peck when i can swipe.
it is lacking 2 features_ word suggestions and not autocorrect and i feel it also not autocorrecting most the time as the previous word is autocorrected and not the word i am typing. another minor change, the slide on the clipboard extension is pretty hard to do especially in large screens ad the middle button is too large
works well but overall i preferred swiftkey. i intended to keep it on my device for occasional use but despite turning off the notifications, i've received two in the past three days, so no advertising valentines themed keyboards and the other asking me to fill in a quiz. therefore uninstalling.
other reviews cover this well enough. stripping away themes that should come with the paid app is pretty icky, even moreso when advertisement for themes and extra slots on the top row are so prominent.
paid for the app, and the themes are still locked. false advertising, since when you tap on a theme in the free version, it just redirects you to the paid version of fleksy on the play store. it should mention that themes are extras. i'd like my themes for what it was advertised, please. otherwise, great app. loving the autocorrect.
chameleon doesn't seem to work with every app. when on some apps such as youtube, inbox,the note 4 messaging app and many more apps the keyboard just turns black instead of matching the apps color guidelines. they advertised that i would change colors for every app.
i would have never thought to get a different keyboard but i just tried this out due to ad as i saw. after the trial period i couldn't even think about going back to the old keyboard. excellent product
i think this is the best keyboard ad far as i see in case of functionality and technichality........
no comma key on basic layout... and no option to add one_ please ad this feature_ so essential_ feel free to flame me if i've missed the setting_ just want comma_
but i didn't pay so that you can advertise your crappy themes
hey google, aren't you supposed to know what i like, so you can target advertising to me_  not the case with the music app.  i get annoying, poorly_conceived ads for irrelevant podcasts, charities for kids in africa or some god_awful _panda bear meets the grim reaper_ album.  that one in itself makes me shut this thing down.  i miss songza.
hey google, aren't you supposed to know what i like, so you can target advertising to me_  not the case with the music app.  i get annoying, poorly_conceived ads for irrelevant podcasts, charities for kids in africa or some god_awful _panda bear meets the grim reaper_ album.  that one in itself makes me shut this thing down.  i miss songza.
this is a fantastic service. i love the radio stations, music on demand, and how easy it is to mix music from the cloud with music from your own collection. best service out there by a long shot.  i decided to subscribe, but, the free version has way too many ads. every 2 or 3 songs it's another one one of the half_dozen or so ads you've already heard 30 times that day. i understand an ad_supported _freemium_ model, the amount of ads is insane. that said, the paid service is beyond excellent and worth the price.
google has gone out of control with advertisements at one point i listen to advertisements for 15 minutes. pandora had a lot of advertisements but not half as many as google does now.
i dont download songs alot but i do need a music player please let there be a real offline mode that doesnt popping up ads of wat you might like or draining battery for whatever reason while not in use
w.t.f. i started paying for redtube and according to youtube google music is part of my subscription however when i click on a video on google music ads pop up so is it ads free or not_ fix it....
ads block instruction, ads play over introductions,  ads over my personal music, ads over sample tracks won't let me listen to snips before i buy,  free radio ads won't play type of music i've selected even during trial period it was your selections not mine so why pay _10_ month for your music_ so sad going back to my ipod for music. at least i pick what i want. oh also iheart is good. samsung s5.
i am still mad they had the audacity to replace songza with their mess. it is okay. songza didn't have ads, had a simple and cute layout, and was just overall perfect. this has none of those things but it does the job even if just barely.
ads are better than spotify, but there's still ads... just had to go and ruin the one awesome thing about songza.
this pos is preinstalled_ you never even gave us a chance to want it or not _ now you're shoving ads in our face_ that's not right at all.
i would rate this app 5 stars, but the ads are stupid long and annoying, and the music playback sucks and freezes all the time regardless of which device i use or which wifi i use.
radio is bombed with ads, i'm back to regular radio now.
app won't allow google apps users join family plan subscriptions. despite the fact that they dangle it in my face daily through advertising in the app and via email. tired of google treating apps users like second class citizens.
i used songza for 4 if not more years and for 90_ of my day including when im going to bed now it's full of annoying ads and it stops playing in the middle of the night. i just can't bring my self to pay for ade free i've been listening to songza ade free for years the fact that songza is this now and even has ade's just makes me sad...
this app sucks balls. most of the time none of the songs will play, takes forever to connect, and constant ads. i used to use songza which was awesome but because this took over i don't even have that as an option anymore. used to use music for running but know most of my run is just me stopping because this app never works
i like it but they have to take out the ads it just ruins it when we are listening yo our favorite song
it had too many ads and wont let me hear the music i want to hear, remove the ad and pjt search music, also you fckin suck so fix it now
hate the ads, the app is terrible, and this is just another example of a monopoly taking over something we loved.
this app is as useful as a chocolate fireguard its not a music app its a advertising app all i can say is crap crap crap don't know why i'm writing this review_ _
sad actually...songza selling out for money they  went from an amazing app to a crappie google one full of advertising along with them pushing the paid version for ad free...no crap_ i didn't noticed. makes pandora look better again with surprisingly less advertising in their app_
sad actually...songza selling out for money they  went from an amazing app to a crappie google one full of advertising along with them pushing the paid version for ad free...no crap_ i didn't noticed. makes pandora look better again with surprisingly less advertising in their app_
hasn't found one song i've tried to find. not as extensive as advertised. too bad zero stars not an option.
what happened to songza_ now google has taken over, this app sucks.  not to mention they added ads and now there are so many bugs i can't even enjoy my music when i want.
i loved songza. i loved not having to sift through ads. i'm a massage therapist and used to use songza as my music source. i can't do that with play music without having to pay _9.99 a month to avoid the ads that will startle my clients. also, since the switch from songza the playlists will cut out on me if my phone doesn't have enough room _which it usually doesn't because of all the apps that come preloaded on my phone.
ads are purposefully blasted at a higher level than the music you are listening to for the free version.
google took over songza and ruined it. the new web ui is terrible and the ads now. oh the ads... might as well go back to pandora. ad_free music is what made songza great. would rate 1 star, but gave 2 because it still plays music...
needs more playlists like songza, the ads also on here suck
so stupid, every couple songs you get interrupted with an advertisement that's long as hell. no i'm not upgrading, it's completely overpriced.
really displeased with the app, as it seldom works as intended or advertised. disappearing music from playlists, cached songs randomly appearing unavailable offline, questionable search functionality_from google of all ppl_. to think i pay for this service. i'd definitely have little to complain about if this were free, like any other google service, but it's not. i pay a premium each month and my service should work as advertised.
this app replaced songza. there are more playlists to choose from. now the playlists are interrupted by ads you can't fast forward. why subscribe for something that was free_ also, frequent playback issues stop songs mid_track.
get these new trashy radio adverts off the app.  w.t.f. are you doing_ the last thing i want to see is an ad for herp derp justin b on an app i use. tossers. the app still plays music, but you may have to look at some ones ugly face.
get these new trashy radio adverts off the app.  w.t.f. are you doing_ the last thing i want to see is an ad for herp derp justin b on an app i use. tossers. the app still plays music, but you may have to look at some ones ugly face.
i am upset that you took over songza and include ads. you seemed to have transferred their channels seamlessly, but i can't work or study to soft classical music when every 3 songs is loudly and horribly interrupted by commercials whose volumes are significantly louder. it's a huge distraction, and disappointing for the loyal songza fans. perhaps at least songza's channels could remain ad free_ the app otherwise is alright, not the nicest to navigate, and i can't switch users on the desktop pop_out player.
decent structure but filled with annoying ads everywhere
i've generally stayed away from google play music, since i was an early adapter of pandora _back before it went to ads_... and then to songza.  when the latter of those two apps was bought by google, i wondered how long it would take for the larger corporate entity to take what was an enjoyable experience and squander it for money. at the end of january, 2016, i finally got my answer. songza was no more, and i was moved over to google play music... and it's been as atrocious as i thought it would be. ads before playlists begin, ads every few songs... a layout that's colourful and pretty to look at, but not exactly smooth or convenient to navigate through_ too much searching through multiple menus just to get to my saved playlists. plus, some of my songza playlists were completely removed, despite the _it's totally the same, guys_ promise from google. biggest deal breaker_ this app eats up data like nothing i've ever seen. on a couple recent road_trips, i've seen it plow through over half a gb of data in just 2 hours. unacceptable. my other music apps haven't used that much data in multiple times that amount of use. back to pandora, i guess. this app is a ridiculous mess.
this app is disappointing if you have the free version it only plays one song then you have to listen to an ad watch a youtube video of the song that you want to hear instead of actually listening to it then it will skip a song that you really want to hear and then play an ad
since the transition to google play the playlists are interrupted by audio ads which disrupts the party_workout_relaxing experience.  i stopped using this app altogether.
giant google took over the best music app and has left us wanting something better then what they've offered. improvements that i'd like to see, artist only playlists, sometimes i just want to hear all kenny chesney, or maroon5, or mariah songs, not mixed with similar artists. no audible ads. sleep timer. saved favorites upon opening. this could be a great app with some tweeks.
and you get ad free youtube. i bought the family plan and now my entire family has ad free youtube and a great music service.
well, since google play bought out songza and i can't use it anymore, i had to try out google play, and its not worth it. ads every 2 songs, really ugly interface, doesn't play music i like or music similar to what i'm looking for even in their radios. time to find a new music app.
google play music is ok but some ad more like
before there weren't that many ads, but now that i've done all of the updates, there are a lot more ads
very disappointed with the forced shut down of songza and move to google play music. this app is a data hog with 2.5 gig in usage after only a few hours of play. annoying commercial ads on screen and broadcast. it's difficult to shut down and seems to require frequent visits to the screen to unpause music playback _very inconvenient when you're busy and just want some background music_. come on google you can do better.
and stealing my info....and i don't even use the dam thing...i hate  google...they over extend and steal computer space...even when you have no use for it...there are too many ads...and they are bullies about them to use their product. ..i have deleted them before. ..will probably  do it again
i am horribly dissapointed by what google play music has done to songza. they have ruined the whole thing. songza was free, had a fun and simple to use interface. that's all gone now, since being taken over by google play music. the app is now not meant to be free, and if you have the free version you will be inundated by their ads telling you to pay 10 dollars a month to stop the ads. also no longer simple to use. horrible_ bring back songza_
can't even play my own music, are you kidding me_ hate all the ads.
recently the ads that play are much louder than the music. really annoying.
so google bought songza, gutted it, now holds the exact same formerly free content hostage to a ton of horrible ads or a monthly subscription fee. what happened to do no evil_
google play took over songza, one of the most fantastic music streaming apps ever. now, not only is the really cool songza interface gone, but there are an absurd amount of ads, when songza was ad_free. so crushed that songza has been desecrated like this.
garbage ads throughout,  piece of junk
songza was way better_ this has too many ads, constantly skips, and won't even load or play half the time...i got a brand new moto x too_
i used to listen to songza 14_20 hrs a week. now i listen to ads 14_20 hrs a week.. you ruined the user interface that made songza what it was is. i would pay to have songza back. time to find another music app.
what a waste of an app i miss songza thier was a reason i never downloaded this app is a pile of crap half the time it says music is unaiviable or its playing constant ads and trying to flip through stations is like trying to decode another language no button to go back to main page have to flip back until i get back to the main page like that is so stupid i hope songza comes back and this app gets thrown in the god dam trash were it belongs_
not a fan. too many ads and the playlists are way too repetitive. i'll be looking for a new music app.
i was forced to use this after google bought songza. i miss songza because it doesn't stop every few songs to give me ads and the music selections are horrible. it is not all bad but it could be waaay better.
you guys took a great application in songza, bought it, put in ads and made it completely awful. it's deeply unfortunate that you guys sold out and made it less about the user and more about making money off of the ads. you guys make me sick
this app seems to try to make it inconvenient to search for and play music from my library.  search for a song, and instead of selecting it from the file that's on my device, it takes me to the cloud where i get to listen to an ad first. no thanks_ _
i wish i could go back to songza.. this always has ads, stops in the middle of the song, won't play certain songs..
i'm really disappointed that songza was replaced with this, the categories are pretty flawed. for example, in the _new music_ category, songs from early 2015 and late 2014 were playing. also, in the _top pop hits_ category song i've never heard before play. i also dislike that every 3_4 songs there is an ad. songza never had any of these issues and on top of that, looked pretty nice with its mix of colors. it's a shame that they down graded to this but it's not the worst music app i've seen.
okay first off, this is an awesome app. beats itunes and amazon music, by far. my problem with the app is the video section. for some reason if i watch a youtube video directly from the app i have to wait at least 15 seconds for an advertisement to play. which if i'm not mistaken is why i'm paying _9.99 a month for, ad free music_ the second problem i'm having with the video playback is sometimes when i want to watch a video i'm given the error 400 _network not connceted_ when i am connected to a network...
okay first off, this is an awesome app. beats itunes and amazon music, by far. my problem with the app is the video section. for some reason if i watch a youtube video directly from the app i have to wait at least 15 seconds for an advertisement to play. which if i'm not mistaken is why i'm paying _9.99 a month for, ad free music_ the second problem i'm having with the video playback is sometimes when i want to watch a video i'm given the error 400 _network not connceted_ when i am connected to a network...
i like that i still have all my playlists but there are soooo many ads without a subscription to google play. we really don't need to hear an ad every other song, it kind of ruins the music listening experience
since absorbing songza the experience has never been the same. instead of being able to search for a mood or activity using keywords or artists names now all the search function returns is _artist radio_. the interface is klunky and not intuitive. there are too many menus and options. oh and then there are the unskipable ads_ i don't remember those in songza,  ever. i would have paid money for songza to stay independent of google, but now google play wants me to pay monthly for an inferior service and ads.
it ported over songzas radio playlists which was a good but as soon as i subscribed it stopped playing music and as far as i can tell they are charging me _15 a month to remove ads.  total waste of money.  i'm going back to the unpaid version.
songza was way better. an ad every 1_2 songs is so excessive_ songza play lists were better and also longer... so many repeat songs.not impressed yet.
google just did stupiest thing. got rid of songza and forced advertising for 30 secs. got rid of timer. i used to listen to songza before going to bed. now i hate using google music becuase of the annoying ad. i am going to find another music player and uninstall this app. and the price is too high _15_month ad free_ netflix is less than _10...
google just did stupiest thing. got rid of songza and forced advertising for 30 secs. got rid of timer. i used to listen to songza before going to bed. now i hate using google music becuase of the annoying ad. i am going to find another music player and uninstall this app. and the price is too high _15_month ad free_ netflix is less than _10...
this app has gone from only giving closable pop up ads to forcing multiple 30 second audio ads in just the last few months. also frequently gives an error that says _couldn't play the track requested_ and then plays the track about a minute later underneath the error box.
i loved songza, primarily because if was ad_free. then you took it over and added commercials and ads, and now it's no different than pandora, which used to be my favorite before it became ad_infested. thumbs down to you, google, for ruining a good thing.
first off, play music always forces you to go to their 'now playing' tab that advertises their new pandora clone at you instead of going to your library. my favorite feature and the very reason i kept this now never works_ instant mix. the player chooses to show two of the same album even though there is only one file and the tags are exact. on top of that, despite the fact that i spent hours properly adding all my album art, play music decides to only show the absolutely lowest quality possible. fix please
using paid family plan now. no ads on youtube no ads between songs. awesome value. plus i get to use my own library of music in tandem to compliment streaming collection on special occasions.
it's worth the subscription fee. no ads and the ability to download practically anything. need i say more_
i'd give you no stars if that were possible_ for one,  you charge for _mixed tape_ downloads which legally you are not allowed to do because the artists put them out for free as they are using other artist's music_  secondly, you destroyed my favourite app _songza_ and now every second song i'm getting an ad.  i thought i'd give it a try but after 14 days i'm frustrated and so done_   google took over and ruined a perfectly good app and are making it a money grab_  you are awful_  i am so disappointed_
songza no longer exists and my favorites are nowhere to be found in gpm. really like the _timer_ feature in songza, but that too is gone. also, a 30 second advertisement after each 2_3 songs on a playlist_ disappointed. will spend more time with amazon music.
i used to listen to songza which was fantastic, free music radio app with no ads, but google bought them out. seems to be of similar quality but the feature i probably liked the most that no one else had was a sleep timer. can we bring that back_ please_
the frequency of the ads have increased substantially over the last 6 months.  the subscription service and track purchases are too expensive.
songza was way better. didn't have to pay for it and no ads. will be uninstalling
when it was songza it was soooo much better. i can't stand all the ads now and why is it when the ads come on their volume is ridiculously loud in the middle of a nice playlist.
or get rid of ads. google has so much money, if songza can be ad free then so can they. plus, they had great playlists set to your mood. ruins my mood when an ad comes on.
songza never had ads within their playlists. this drives me nuts having my music stopped for a stupid ad. we live in a world surrounded by ads. can't the music be ad free at least. i don't mind seeing them but hearing them drives me nuts.
i want songza back google music with what i was give because songza gone a less songza did have ads at all and with things app its ads after two songs are played
uses an enormous amount of data for its ads. all background is constantly running up your data usage. now after the latest update it freezes after 2 songs. all that after shutting down a perfectly good app in songza.
completely ruined songza.  too many ads, like seriously after every 2 songs i don't want to hear your crappy ads_for 30 goddamn seconds..come on_. how can someone use songza at a party now.. thanks for needing to ruin anything free.
uninstalling this today. pop up audio ads between songs ruins the experience. instead of making me want to subscribe it just turned me off all together.  subscription fee of _9 to go audio ad free after having no audio ads with sonza is not worth it for me.  put as many visual ads on as you like but don't ruin the music with audio ads.  lost me as a listener.
absolutely brutal app. ads after every second song _which are 3x louder than music_.  i loved the instrumentals for our nursery and now i don't use it because the talking ads wake baby. also super glitchy _ skips songs, randomly opens and plays. also not user friendly like songza, seems disorganized. not impressed.
it's advertised free but you want my payment methot. to much corruption today.
i used to listen to songza while studying, reading, or going to sleep. the introduction of ads has made all of those uses impossible. the loud ads interrupt my quiet instrumental stations. no way am i paying _10 a month.
when i open up your app i'd like to see my music only, but instead it's a constant advertisement for your radio station _10 per month_. i'm not interested in what you think i might like. my phone is my mp3 player. you are making it more difficult to find my own music.
songza was great_ no ads, no subscription. way to ruin a perfectly good music app. if i want ads, i'll go to pandora.
3 reasons i don't like it_ killed songza, radio _only part i use_ doesn't work with sonos, ads _  oh, the horrible ads_ i already pay for spotify and pandora _combined cost is cheaper than google play music_ why would i pay for this too_
brutal, google. you took away a perfectly good app in songza and ruined it by adding a bunch of unrelated ads that completely interrupt the flow that is the point of this service and hold hostage what we used to have with songza behind a ridiculous paywall. as if the extra advertising revenue wasn't enough, you now expect us to pay _10 a month for a worse service than we got before_ good luck.
brutal, google. you took away a perfectly good app in songza and ruined it by adding a bunch of unrelated ads that completely interrupt the flow that is the point of this service and hold hostage what we used to have with songza behind a ridiculous paywall. as if the extra advertising revenue wasn't enough, you now expect us to pay _10 a month for a worse service than we got before_ good luck.
if you used songza, you used it and loved it because it played an ad before your first song and never played another one. after switching to google play music, i absolutely hate it. songza was easy to use and the commercials were non existent. google taking over songza was by far the worst decision ever because we don't have a music streaming app that won't interrupt our music, unless you pay for a subscription. if i could give no stars, i would.
cannot stand using google play music instead of songza after they bought it. with google play music, the songs will randomly stop playing and buffer, the app keeps loosing connection with the speaker, sometimes the songs won't resume playing, ads are annoying and they try to make you pay for it to get rid of them... never had any of those issues with songza. no chance whatsoever i'll pay for it i probably won't even use it since it doesn't work at all well, especially not when compared to songza..
just bought subscription today the raideo does not work and no music will download just brings me to a place to buy it i want a refund or to sue you for false advertising for i cannot lesson to free music or download free music.
uhhhhh. such a disappointment for songza to switch over. i would give it 0 stars but it's not an option. why have ads now when it didn't before_ and then a monthly fee to get rid of them_ such a let down,  it's ridiculous.
boooooo. two big thumbs down. i loved songza. no ads, creative playlists, and most of all, the continuous loop rain station that helped me sleep...which did not go over to this with songza. spotify has stations like it, but they are not on a loop and have loud ads that jerk me awake and nearly cause a heart attack. also, this loads much slower than. overall a major downgrade. thanks a lot, google play.
i have to pay to listen to music songza was free and only played one commercial. it was practically ad free. this is a crappy app im shutting it down again.
thanks for ruining songza_ thanks for buying the songza algorithms and adding advertisements, which ruin my music listening. songza was my favorite streaming app and now it's gone. i hope google's upper management enjoys sipping wine and slurping caviar on their yachts while we suffer. i also hope that the songza owners who sold out commercial free music all have some terrible vd.
way too many ads. _15 a month is too expensive, pandora one is cheaper by half and so meh. i will be using my free rhapsody that comes with my t_mobile a lot more than this.
thanks for ruining a great app_ _i dislike the layout. advertisement central. songza had none. switched to jango. they only have one ad a day, which you rarely hear. they are exactly like songza_ bye bye google play.
thanks for ruining a great app_ _i dislike the layout. advertisement central. songza had none. switched to jango. they only have one ad a day, which you rarely hear. they are exactly like songza_ bye bye google play.
i never heard one audio ad in the years i used songza...google plays an audio or video ad  about every 2 songs...so bummed
i am not going to pay _9.99_mo. for an app that is barely usable free. google really screwed up the playlists from songza, or at least the ones i could remember the names of since i couldn't search for them by artist like i used to. it plays unrelated songs in the middle of genre'd playlists, and i'm not even talking about the annoying_as_hell ads these money grubbing asshats force us to listen to every five songs. i'm redisabling this app on my phone like i had done when i bought it.
songza was still better than this... all the ads are soooo annoying. . n it keeps crashing mid way
songza was a perfectly charming music app until you gobbled it up and sprinkled your bullshit ads between every song.
this app used to be 5 stars.   any ads is to many ads.   used to be better than radio, now it has become radio
too many ads. _15 a month is too expensive, pandora one is cheaper by half and so meh. i will be using my free rhapsody that comes with my t_mobile a lot more than this.
you took over songza. i loved that app, they didn't have ads. now i have to deal with google music for playlists and listen to ads. this is just super great...
absorbed songza which was great. forced ads, no thanks. diabled and would uninstal if possible. just like a tv shows is ruined with commercials so is music with ads. yes even short ones for good causes
as of february 1st, i'm forced to use this app but it is not even working properly. it just stops for no reason, especially after ads. so when i restart, it plays the ad again. i don't mind the ads here and there but i'm definitely not interested listening to the same ad over and over again just to make the app work. additionally, my phone is much slower and choppy, and the battery is drained much faster when i use this app. i never had this problem with songza before, and i miss it so much _
ok i took on google play because they brought out my fav songza and i have never minded ads on screen but stupid google included vocal ads as well that are 2x louder than the music this is extremely offensive. no i don't want to pay either. like i said i don't mind visual ads i check them every so often so they get their pay. if the vocal ads don't stop i think i'll go elsewhere.
ok so let me get this straight, i have to listen to a long ad every 3 songs, have the the music magically become _ unavailable _, but magically get signal when it's ad time, and then of course after a session of cr_p service they ask you to pay to get music and no ads. i feel like this app is trying to tell me that i will be provoked until i pay. i rather use my ipod thank you very much.
i definitely think this is a step down from songza. tons of features are now gone and the layout is confusing and overly complicated. the vocal ads are brutal and honestly that was the driving point for me to start looking for music elsewhere. why did songza not have vocal ads and you do_ waking up to one was the end of my enjoyment. hopefully one day it'll actually be half decent, but as for right now, its not worth my time.
not happy about the songza integration. playlists i loved no longer available, ads every three or four songs unless you pay a monthly subscription. i have no intention of buying music from google play music. i use 7digital. i used songza every night for sleep playlists and now am annoyed by podcast ads every few minutes. not cool google.
every time i open it it forces me to see that stupid ad for me to get on that free trial thing, and it glitches out a lot too making it almost unenjoyable
when ad free radio sells out hurts my soul. having the greatest idea to have song set to mood is a game a changer. sadly this sad sack has spoiled a good idea with sub_par sets with free reminders to go do something else. stop enjoying what your listening too and go play with an app with yourself in a corner. sad panda_
paying _9.99 a month with free youtube red.  but it's worth it without the ads.
doesnt google enough in the billions without having to subject us to billing or listen to crappy ads........guess i will go back to milk music
what set songza apart was free streaming without ad interruptions.  i will not pay _120  a year. you think too much of yourselves. i will not purchase, so give it up an get rid of voice ads.
google messed up a good thing by adding ads. new sign in sucks. ..google you cannot have my cell phone number. this app was a great alternative to itunes but not anymore.
_songza is no longer available. at google play music you'll get the same experience, same music... etc_  same experience_ interesting. i don't remember the ambient music interrupted every five minutes with obnoxious ads. ads were before listening to a new channel. this separated songza from other products. this is why so many used it. if google needs to change its service to make more money, so be it. but bs_ing your loyal listeners, claiming it's the _same experience_ gets you 1 star.
such a sell out for greed to put ads in their radio stations. typical google takeover_
i pay for service, no bitching about ads happens.  i read other users complaints and nearly all of them make me think these people don't know how to use the app_ex_ there is a function for offline radio and playlists..radio stations are sorted for _moods_. previously i paid for spotify_ remember yahoomusic_, but big evil google's just plain better all around_largest, most diverse music selection, huge account capacity, i can upload for free my own immense collection, inexpensive, easy user interface.
loved songza and thought google would make it better. instead, they plaster you with ads so you'll purchase a subscription. i don't mind the occasional ad but its quite frequent. please bring back what songza once was.
i miss the commercial free playlists,  i want my sleep timer back. i can't stand all the crappy commercials and since there's no timer, i can't use it going to sleep as i wake up hearing talking in commercials instead of just music or use with my students for not being able to control what ads pop up.
every minute of my music listening experience has been a massive let_down since february started, when i was forced to switch from the flawless, commercial_free songza app to this ad_ridden, bug_filled and hard_to_navigate  app. the playlists aren't the same, and stop for no reason. the ads are not only annoying _obviously_ but are mostly obnoxious and nonsensical. no, i'm not enjoying google play music... i don't care how close you are to the _ing mic _ad reference_
google puts your music at the bottom of the priority queue and instead you get their playlists and their ads unless you pay for their service. it sucks having my music only show up in the middle of google's absolutely horrible recommendations. it sucks that the library feature is so bad but they have no incentive to improve it. it sucks that when i look up my own music google puts its recommendations first. it sucks. it just absolutely sucks. if microsoft or itunes ever come to android i'll switch gladly.
more ads for annoying podcasts_ music sometimes start after the ads. if not, try again and listen to another ad.
way to take a good thing and kill it. not only does the app slow down my phone but the frequent ads and considerably crappier playlists really ruined it. not to mention constantly playing songs ive thumbed down a ton of times. needs a lot of work to be anywhere near as good as songza was
i loved songza and used it nearly every day, but i hat what google music has done to it. my playlists are not at all similar to what they were, and you are making listen to petty ads. bring songza back and keep google music for the fools who are willing to spring out _10 a month
i used to love the app songza since google bought it is been having lots of ads now if i want to listen to music ads free like it was with songza i have to pay monthly is stupid_ not only have ads in the screen i have to hear them too. hate it hate it_ and to oay month i prefer spotify but i wont pay to hear music.
tells me i have insufficient memory for play back after three songs play never had that problem with songza. also didn't have to deal with ads which is why i picked songza over pandora in the first place. big disappointment over all because now i can't listen to music on my phone anymore
songza was the best, now there is ad videos playing every few songs and my playlist is gone, it doesn't function as well. very disappointed in this app.
horrible, dont waste ur time,  there are more ads than music...bring back songza_
google bought my favorite music app so they could insert blaring ads and their trademark loud colors. the app crashes all the time, especially when i use firefox. also i've got a new way for google to spy on me, so whee_
compared to songza this is annoying. the ads play every third song sometimes and without the option to skip them _except the first one_. most of all what is lacking is a sleep timer. come on_
massive downgrade from songza. songza was free of ads, easy to navigate around,  and easy to close or log out from, which disappointingly google play music is not. since i was not able to properly close the app, it seemed to have drained my battery. time to uninstall.
the pop up ads suck.  loading time is horrible.
limited skips plus ads equals crap
ads ads ads. not cool. ooh i can pay. get a new model. also dinner sonos since you can't get the free version of google pay music as a service. buy coke _p
constant ads, fails to play songs, fails to play correctly on chromecast v1. i stopped using pandora because it was over_advertised junk and here we are with this mess. way to screw up a good thing google.
constant ads, fails to play songs, fails to play correctly on chromecast v1. i stopped using pandora because it was over_advertised junk and here we are with this mess. way to screw up a good thing google.
google play music officially ruined my favorite music app, songza, and pumped the playlists full of ads. i am extremely disappointed. also, it does not accommodate long song names well. to see the complete song names when browsing through a playlist i have to rotate my phone. i will be switching my default player to amazon music and disabling this app.
thanks for getting rid of songza and replacing it with ads
just played an ad during a song. this after a good 5 minute of attempting to get this app to work. then the first song is cut short to play an ad...really_ this app needs serious improvement. won't be using it anymore.
thank you for completely ruining songza. google music has too many ads and the _concierge_ and the way the search results show up is quite poor.
i don't appreciate you guys showing video ads when i'm streaming through my data connection. i'm all for when i'm on wifi but that's just a big waste of data otherwise.
i hate the ads, and i hate the app. it was great when songza was my stream source, thanks for ruining that, google.
much worse quality than songza, we have to pay to not have ads now_  so frustrating.
songz was the best music app the option for picking mood music and sea scape sounds now like all the rest ads buy buy buy
can't even stream music _ i miss songza. i can't even play a radio station without the music stopping for some inexplicable reason. i have to waste a skip to get it to continue playing. happens a lot during ads too. just stream the music. literally every other service can do it just fine, why can't google_
selection is reduced, and ads are far too frequent. where is the funk_ songza was great_ darn you google.
i have had google music for a while now since google took over songza which was free, i have no longer had free music streaming without ads.  not happy about that. i refuse to pay for it or anything that doesn't allow me to keep anything i pay for. as for my own music, since the new update, all my music has been deleted from my account. furious about this. fix this
thanks for ruining songza_ now we have ads, skips, and limited selection...but if you pay _15 a month we promise it will be just as good as the free songza was...sure...
used to love the app, now i have to listen to ads between songs i paid for on google play and have downloaded in my phone. not paying twice for music. just download my mp3s and play in the stock app. sad. i liked this app so much.
really google_ are you that greedy_ i have always defended google against apple enthusiasts, but this is pretty low. i may just uninstall this app and just go back to using the stock music player. i know that google provides this service for free and provides the space to store your music for free, but it's still the users music. i don't think that people need a storage place that bad to put up with ads on their own music. i wouldn't be surprised if there are a lot of detractors.  good job google_
songza worked so well and managed to find a balance on advertising. on top of that, the player itself buffers slowly and skips frequently. jesus, google, why kill the golden goose_
well, it started with the beutiful words saying that i can listen to music, no ads no problems, i subscribed, took my money, and i got nothing back, nvm, i got a an app that is useless, i cannot play anything.
was disappointed to hear that songza  _the best music app_ sold out to google. on songza i could simply choose a station and start listening to music_ good luck doing that with this pos. upon opening the app for the 1st time i immidiately was hit with an ad asking me to pay a monthly subscription_ i said no thanks. then i tried to listen to a station. it immidiately opened one of those super annoying data hogging video ads before even allowing me to listen to anything_ uninstalling never using again_
player was pretty _meh_ to begin with.  not the best, not the worst _ probably a 2.5 to 3 star. then they went and added songza, which was the best streaming music app. except they threw all those parts away and made it worse. fewer station options at start takes away how easy it was to get to my favorites. so, so, sooo many more ads.
i have owned nexus 4, 5, and now 6p _so since 2012 _ 'been using the so_called pure android experience as google intends it_, but since i'm in the philippines, i can't use this app as advertised. and adding insult to injury, the only option google gives me to copy old songs in my computer to my phone is _ virtually_ to manually copy each file to my phone_ so, it is the most useless app to me. it's really not worth giving any star.
i wish i never saw the ad ever again because i've easily seen it over 30 times. every 5 minutes i get this ad. other people might like it but i dont...
i miss songza. the audio ads that play every four songs or so are very intrusive.
please stop overflowing with ads
hate the ads now . really ridiculous
they buy other streaming services and fill it with ads
main focus is their paid google music service and your own music collection is hidden.  it is a very complicated app that is quite difficult to use.   the app is basically one big ad trying to get you to pay for their services.  since the implementation of the radio's it takes me 3_4 clicks to actually get to my music.  and i only want to use this app to manage and play my own music collection.  i don't wish to use the paid radio feature.  i wish there was a way to delete the radio stations as it just adds clutter and  is quite frustrating.  ...especially when trying to search for my music.  all of these radio's come up first and, my music _what i am actually looking for_ is all the way at the bottom of the results.    this app is great for managing and playing your music collection... if you can get past
i liked songza however now that google blended out into play it has you many ads
it has a great selection of music, easy like_dislike buttons, short ads, and the concept of selecting music based on your mood and time of day is really cool, but that's only when it decides to work. even with an internet connection, it can take me up to an hour of fighting with the app to get the tracks playing, as in it just plain doesn't want to load. fix that, and i would give 5 stars without a doubt.
title says it all. music stopped playing. i have wifi connection.  so i dont know y it doesn't work. otherwise its ok.                       updated_ now it just keeps repeating the same songs and ads over and over. once it was an ad, then a song, then the same thing over again. another time, it played the same song 3 times over. with no break_ plz update and i will update review.
with a million genres and radios that all play terrible music. i have to wonder why they messed with a decent app and turned it into some corp. dogsh_t with ads and all. i will search for a different application now
no offline playing from pc,  contrary to what's advertised sync takes for ever.  thumbs up list does not work, over 1000 songs it start to lose songs.  very frustrating_
i got 6 ads in a row_
so i made the switch to google play thinking it would be basically the same as songza but just a different layout... nope_ ends up they have added some lovely ads in between songs... brutal_ way to ruin a playlist... so i just reinstalled songza and am about to delete this junk. get rid of the ads and i'll be back...
i don't know about this. used to be great, but now so many ads_ every other song on radio has a 30 second ad_ i know you need to make money, but come on_ used to be 1 _skip able_ video ad at the beginning and then banner ads. that was perfectly fine_ please fewer ads for 5 stars.
songza pop up go google play music. tried out, i can accept everything but every 2 or 3 song will play ad really annoying me. i would like either use songza untill can't use it anymore or just not use google play music. unless google stop play advertising between songs.
songza pop up go google play music. tried out, i can accept everything but every 2 or 3 song will play ad really annoying me. i would like either use songza untill can't use it anymore or just not use google play music. unless google stop play advertising between songs.
i was a big fan of songza and also used google play music. when i heard that they were becoming one, i was thrilled. it's just too bad that now i feel that songza just had a downgrade. so many ads, i can't enjoy it like i used too. i wouldn't mind paying a small fee to avoid the ads, but seriously, 9,99_month is just way too much just to enjoy an app that i used to have for free without any problems.
yay music_                                               if you like the interruption of ads.           doesn't google already have enough money that they can do exactly what songza did_
i hate that songza got absorbed into google play.  songza had no ads interrupting my music. google play does. and the ads and songs on gp are usually just loud static that force me to close app and reopen it, they dont even play correctly. very annoying.  no response from google_  cant take it anymore_ songza is gone so i guess im going back to pandora.
pro _ can upload own library, up to 320kbps bit rate      con _ songza didn't interrupt its playlists with ads_        suggestion _ no more ads on songza channels, and add an equalizer into the player
not ad free and runs in the background even if i am not using it
several degree downgrade from songza. 70_ of the time it forces me to listen to unskippable 30 second ads and when i actually get to listen to music, the stupid thing constantly crashes, skips music halfway or outright doesn't work. and god forbid i try to skip a song i don't particularly like. most of the time it will play an ad and the rest of the time it will skip multiple times and crash. the hell with this garbage, i'm going back to songza_
so i downloaded songza because it was a fantastic app for my relatively low tech smartphone. i could listen to music in stations without worrying shout how much space it would take up on my phone, unlike this app which requires a good amount of space, then may say 'no space available' and still might not work. it had a fantastic amount of obscure stations, low ads, and had a clean interface. google play has none of the above. until you fix this b_, i ain't redownloading.
fukin 360 security ads
google play music had a great interface before. now,  i can't access any songs or artists but only access radio stations that play music i don't want to hear. so i have no choice but to give you money to keep a list of songs i can just write down on a piece of paper_ i wanted to buy one song and it led me to the option to buy an entire album which i don't need. i was hoping android would trump itunes but this is ridiculous. stop advertising that it's free and that you can listen anywhere.
this combination is the worst_ took a good app and screwed it up_ used songza every day _ now what do i do. pandora has too many ads and radio is the same songs. what a screw_up.
i like that my favorite playlists from songza are all loaded into google play music.  i also find play to have a wider selection over all. however, the ads are super intrusive and the app is very buggy. it's incredibly slow, and crashes often. i miss the lighter, faster days of songza so much
songza kindly put ads at the start of a playlist to get them out of the way.  the random additional ads througout made for super awkward moments in the middle of my fitness class.  i don't appreciate being bullied into buying your products.  it just makes me less likely to buy them.
no ads, offline navigation. damn good_
beat navigation app ever, runs off line and is free, best of all no ads. different problems for different device  but better done most nav app. when you update you only do it once not six times in an like others say. stop blaming the app for out dates phones
it's what i was searching...... freeware, full,  without advertising banners...... fast..... accurate....
i will pay to stop ads. no japan map. no alternative route. when search location by places, doesn't allow to rename when save as favorite.
brilliant and no ads
hope this will continue to develop without in_app ads or purchasing demands.
in voice call there is no bluetooth connectivity option provided.. ads during news checking is disaster
just one suggestion for the app is while reading news the news page automatically redirect to  another advertisement page kindly fix that problem otherwise i just love this app..
product feature notifications_ really_  what's next_ ad notifications_ above average ap app led by remarkably poor business decisions.
it has been weird since it crashed one time several weeks ago, now every time when i logined in with my number , it would crash..it could not be used..i had to use it on my ipad...and  .....i hadn't used for a long time but it has been sending ads to me...omg please please help to figure that out...thx a lot
ad  don't think about this product no response to your account or problems wtf cant chat because this ads
expect ad  there is no probs it's ok
it is a good but ad commant opction
facebook is abusing its platform to get support for its free basics campaign by easily providing links and pop ups to user to support free basics. recently i came to know that advertisement of hike is removed by facebook it is an indian initiative and becoming strong day by day. i request u for being an indian intiative for saving the internet to please provide us platform or link to vote against or give our opinion against free basics. we cant expect this from whatsapp as you know , but from you.
facebook is abusing its platform to get support for its free basics campaign by easily providing links and pop ups to user to support free basics. recently i came to know that advertisement of hike is removed by facebook it is an indian initiative and becoming strong day by day. i request u for being an indian intiative for saving the internet to please provide us platform or link to vote against or give our opinion against free basics. we cant expect this from whatsapp as you know , but being an indian we
you guys are smart_ you didn't spend on advertisements, but for tactics to benefit the users, like that money paying. and because hike has been made in india, i'm proud to say that i'm an indian. even the internet has 17 points in favour of hike, while whatsapp has just 6 _11 less_. wish you all success against all other messaging apps_ just one request. can you add sanskrit language in hike_ after all, sanskrit is the supreme representative of india.
good app.... but too much ads
i loved this app, but only one thing i don't like is advertise of emoji when typing, so else all good. thumbs up for this
dear hike plz remove all non sense things such news,advertise,etc and make it simple and easy as whats app,i like it very much but these things are disappointing..
bhai.. hike ko itna develop kr dia toh plzz pop up notification option bhi ad kr do.. bahut problem ati h other app se hike open krke reply krne m or fir other app open krne m.. plzz think about this. thnxxx
this is a quite good app. if it advertised good it will beat whatsapp but sometimes message delivery becomes slow so do some work on it.but all is good with it. keep working guys.
i love it. has all the best features. but goes overboard in ads. doesn't stop it with its notifications. i'm uninstalling it because of the annoying notifications which i can not disable.
nice ad its  good app ad use evey one
fake advertisement of offers. i have invited many friend and they joined hike on my request but i got no bonus..... and sometimes the invite msg is not sent .. if there was star less than 1 i would prefer it
i had seen in hike advertisment that i can edit pictures but that option is_
stop showing fake ads on tv about your app the worst social app ever used please dont install
this app sending advertise sms to all of my contacts without my permission using my mobile number.  i requesting all please don't install and  don't be fools,  i recommending whatsapp because that app not using your mobile number for sending advertisements sms
better than whatsapp but need more people in it to improve it... none of my friends use it even if i force them to... try to create some more attractive ads and offers... with _ a fan
sir i have 161 rupees in my hike account but whenever i try to redeem it shows.... you have tried recharge in ilast 10 min nw please try again later... i have tried many times but it dint worked..  nw i think it's fake and you guys are cheat us by unethical advertising and marketing tricks.. waiting for your reply n help
every thing is excellent but i'm facing the problem with _news_...i liked the in built app but if i click 'full story' to any news a lot of ads pop up so that i can't read the news...
how to edit and add some drawings horns e.t.c. to the photo as in advertisement
i would give it 5 stars but the frequent ads making this experience worst
i have news apps on my phone, i don't want hike to do it. i have apps like xender and shareit, they'll do the wifi file sharing. i get emails about coupons and offers. why should hike do all of these things and not properly do what it is basically supposed to do. i'm tired of your useless notifications. about free recharges, i don't give a damn. sad to see an app with great potential turn into an advertising app. finally i conclude saying i have whatsapp, why do i need hike with all its bells and whistles_
through i've downloaded the app.used if for a week or two .and the ads are jus disgusting. showing that download hike download hike.plz solve this issue .
u r advertising that whomsoever download the hike app will get the 56 rs balance, but it requires rs 100 to unlock first.... it is cheating...
amazing app i recharged my phone for an amount of 300inr completely free.also hike has amazing and better interface than whats app, the only flaw is that i have 650 free sms but they are free only for name bcz we still need internet to send them. hike should stop saying in the advertisements that we can chat without internet on it.overall its amazing.
don't download app bcz it is unrated they automatically send msgs from our contact list...this is fraud app not taken permission before sending msg to non hike user..they advertise by using our names ...
100 msgs per month sucks, oterwise it beats watsapp.., u sod do advertising like we chat app n gain popularity.
i know that hike doesn't give ads, but your recharge offers make it feel like an ad supported app, plz.. .i don't like this. _
their rewards are true_ it's not giving fake advertisements for free recharge like other apps_ now only i got 100rs free talktym through hike_
on activating hike direct, why does it automatically activates my wifi. i switch it off, and bang it goes online again. if we have to use wifi _ mobile internet, why advertise its offline use.
i am not getting any rewards recharge though i am having 102 rs in my rewards ...all dis is fake ..its only a stupid advertisement ... don't waste time
its fake it is advertise that u got talk time of 50 after u register u dont get anything
i am not using this software any more as  1_ automatic send sms to my contacts without my permission.   2_ worst ad.  techniques.  they just show the hike icon whenever i open whatsapp, facebook and other messenger.
what is this _ i installed hike and automatically my contacts are getting invite messages... heights.... its so embarrassing ... do something guys ... uninstalling this stupid app... also instead of spending so much on ads do something yo improve it technically
your ad in tv says you can share files and text without internet.is it true_
very dangerous and horrible thing is that hike messenger is sending advertising sms from my number to my contacts list more times some people call me n enquire this tracking n misuseing of my number is really cyber crime who is responsible for it never  use this and i suggest every one that i don't know how many times it may set sms from u r numbers be aware if this disgusting
hike is amazing app,work like charm,fast and fluid_ please ad video caling and pc sinchronisation in future update_ thanx hike team_
i love hike tbh. and they keep developing it better and better. but you guys might wanna spend some more on marketing and advertising. just one of my friends is on hike and a lot of them are on whatsapp even when hike is 10x bettet than whatscrap. and umm if you wud let us send more than 5 hikey stickers per day that wud be pretty awesome too . love u guys. keep developing _3
as i open hike messenger an advertisement pop up on screen i'm just irritated with this adds i request you to fix this problem
it is better than whatsapp but not many people are there to talk so hike team u have to advertise it than only more people can come and we can make groups.it will go more far than whatsapp.
1 thing that i love this more than any other communication app, but found only one issue that sometimes i see the sent msg was delivered late.. ad on the other hand, it was delivered very quick on other apps.. apparently this issue occur only few times.. but unfortunately those were my urgent msgs.. and hence the conversation was ruined.. btw, no my wifi network was not slow..
loved it from the last 3 years almost but the after the most recent fresh install of the update, the app unknowingly sent hike ads to many o my contacts without my notice.. n i cant e1 track it coz it doesnt hav a log_
loved it from the last 3 years almost but the after the most recent fresh install of the update, the app unknowingly sent hike ads to many o my contacts without my notice.. n i cant e1 track it coz it doesnt hav a log_
there r many ads plz fix it
hike is awesone except it send automatically messages of hike advertisement to our contacts i have had gave 5 stars now givi 1 star .dont you guyz think that u r messaging without permission could be those persons whom not to send message  or advertise_
spammy kind app.. do u want to send message to your friends.. pop up is misleading.. it sent their annoying advertising text message to all my contacts.. uninstalled it
there r many ads plz fix it
that's always  better from whatsapp in every function bt  its shows ads sometime
how to make conference calls using hike as shown in advertisements_
fd good fifth had   ghost   job  go  job by  go hand ad  z  c z  backf       k have   just  make   km  jjnzczccjzvvz  kab job h
i don't have much to say but i love money as well as my friends.. so this is my kind of app..suggestion_  you can put ads in this app we can understand..  the team should have a extra income from this app.
updated version is getting many unwanted advertisements by which many unwanted apps get installed nd our data gets waste
messaging is fast and cool but i hate ads popping out when i read the news... i thought hike doesn't sell ads_
as your advertisement says you got the best group chatting app but we need lot more things in a group.., like a background music set up systems.
after i have downloaded hike many ads pop up in between.they don't only pop when i am using hike but they pop up while i am playing games or surfing
hike stickey could be shared with other chat group like whats app but it isn't working. ... please fix it or don't advertise about it.... that it can be shared everywhere. .... _
awsome messenging  app...loved  its stickers. ...better than whatsapp...but didn't get free 100 conference calls as  i see in the advertisement...please report. ..
hike stickers and ad on television and internet have made perception that its totally a local product _ its reality that indian companies doesn't focuses on quality and value addition with some exception _ . its important for hike to change this perception on people that it is not behind whats app and other social app in either technology or in any way. more over i have complain that hike ui in spite of having material design doesn't look much refined and perfect_ just look at the ui of whats app after most recent major update. it has improved a lot and people not get bored even after keeping same theme for a very long time_.
many of my friends dnt knw abt app and app features so can u give some advertising on tv and othr types...... u must reply for me.....
hike is an amazing messenger,its a great app.but hike have some annoying ads,please remove the ads_app recommendation hike team
i like its all features but mostly i like that feature in which we can hide the chat. hike is much better than whatsapp but the only issue is to advertise it more and more since it is unpopular_
i would had been ratef it five but the reason to give it 1 star its advertisement invite your friends blocks the whole this is 2nd time i am uninstalling it u have proved it nothing can beat whats app by doing this
it only shows 'copy' or 'delete' option when i select a msg from any chat. i want it to show _when my text was delivered and also with _when my text has been seen by that person. and also, i ad them as favourite but still the show offline even when they r typing to me_ fix it_ i want these few things. then i would give it 5star.
whenever i download it all advertise ment pop on the screen that was so irritating
guys ly one thing is needed pls try to control the news pages that are redirecting to the annoying ad..if that's changed the app is awesome
but  you  people  should  give  advertisement   to  people   those  who  dont know .  when  i'm  asking  to people to install,  they  are saying _where is that  app _.   in south india  nobody   knows    about  hike                                                            _ comments, no.  of  counts of likes  options   were missing  and keep  comments like instagram  model
people don't use it often.being an indian people should promote hike,hike should be simplified as whatsapp and should be more advertised
i have been a huge fan of hike..... but i saw another version where instead of the magnifying glass there is a symbol of camera..i keep on updating but never found that version ever... and please stop those ridiculous ads...
as a true hindustani..i am downloading bcos of your today ad in ht newspaper hope for not to delete again and stick and rate again
i used to like hike quite a bit. service was show from the start, but it worked and stickers are still awesome. but then, they started adding _features_, and it went from bad to worse. now, when i am not using hike, they keep nagging with notifications, and full screen banners when opening the app. they may not be third party ads, but are as much annoying and make me hate your app and use even less. please, stop nagging me with features i don't want to use. give me something i do want to use so i will.
just ad network usage statistics similar to whatsapp,ad video calling, voice calling is worst
used to be my favorite messenger _ , you guys have now ruined it with daily tips it's like all other irritating ads,and dude you should know everyone hate ads _3 i know what a dp does or what's a sticker is stop irritating me by reminding me everytime.
need more ads to make people use it
product feature notifications_ really_  what's next_ ad notifications_ above average ap app led by remarkably poor business decisions.
i receive 400 msg monthly which i earned by adding people....and now they are not coming so hate this.....fix this soon as i m going to uninstall it soon......if i know before i did not ad people it's annoying.....i want it back or no option left to uninstall and persuade others to uninstall
i can't find any reason to hate this app. it has got everything. call clarity is good. no ads. sends all types of files. features which are so innovative and can not be found on any other chat application. bravo hike_
just ad network usage statistics similar to whatsapp
aweful, it has lots of ads
though i hv just downloaded it but it has many stickers but i feel its not so bad as we think through ads it is a messenger just like every messenger apps though i like its or i did not it did not have a space to make an account while i was searching it from 3 days this app is ok _ try it........
better but not the best...i think advertising it will work
awesome..btr thn whtsapp...still needs to be advertised...love it yeah..._ stickers...u just give it a blow buddy...love u hike..._
fake advertisement...not getting any kind of money even after adding new frnds...what shit_
best earnings on android _globe_mobile_, and most importantly no need to install nothing, input invitation code _a24_ and start earning_ just look at the ads nenavyazchivayu razblokirovki click on the cross and all_ pay in euros_ output for webmoney and paypal_
cricket interested no one here, then i get messages from completely unknown, is probably _advertising_ and now even comes with every on and off, that i should take pictures. will it remove it.
this football advertising or what it is, a little annoying
all top until this annoying advertising that no interested_ one must be able to turn off the chat or have to change it somehow_
so hike won't run over wifi but the update brought me ads for the world championship.  that's classy of you hike team...
too much advertising .. otherwise perfectly ok
reminiscent of instant messanger. as fast as you hike is coming with lesem after barely. these wireless encrypted and free. could not be better .. sorry whatsapp because do not you come with. full friends are now here. ... unfortunately annoying hike zunehmends with stupid advertising messages. _wolrd cup_ therefore away with the stars
rather than continual improvements and incentives to retain and grow clientele this app has regressed in quality and unfulfilled their promises. they have still not aired shows advertised over a year ago, have cut several prime shows this year, injected even more ads into each episode to promote their _ad free_ version _should be ashamed of that one, succeeded in making your competitors look even better_, has made no effort to fix the constant streaming interruptions and other pesky bugs, in fact, no improv
rather than continual improvements and incentives to retain and grow clientele this app has regressed in quality and unfulfilled their promises. they have still not aired shows advertised over a year ago, have cut several prime shows this year, injected even more ads into each episode to promote their _ad free_ version _should be ashamed of that one, succeeded in making your competitors look even better_, has made no effort to fix the constant streaming interruptions and other pesky bugs, in fact, no improv
love it but toooooo many ads
love everything about this app. only wish there wasn't so many ads.
kid me not i still love hulu but the adsads eat up more data than the shows i watch i might be wrong but it seems like they jump to hd on ads then back to low when over
way too many ads if you brought it back to the 30 sec ads that would be cool. also give us different ads not the same ones over and over agin.
the ads play well_of course_ but the shows freezes and the app shuts down
who cares there are some ads... you signed up knowing they show ads.  they have lots more to offer after netflix binging everything. ads aren't that bad if you just relax and enjoy the alternative content.
i understand the need for ads. it gives you all the shows we love on cable for an extremely low price to then charge a minimal and, honestly, exceptional price to us. but it seems like you _the hulu team_ really are purposely trying to annoy us _the subscribers_ into upgrading to ad free. while i really don't mind the ads, especially considering the low price, i do mind the intent behind them. there's no way, after all this time, you continue to group multiple advertisements that cause a buffer by accident. _
i understand the need for ads. it gives you all the shows we love on cable for an extremely low price to then charge a minimal and, honestly, exceptional price to us. but it seems like you _the hulu team_ really are purposely trying to annoy us _the subscribers_ into upgrading to ad free. while i really don't mind the ads, especially considering the low price, i do mind the intent behind them. there's no way, after all this time, you continue to group multiple advertisements that cause a buffer by accident. _
even though it may have more seasons of tv shows it costs more then netflix to make it ad free... the ad's  are iratating
i've talked to pr, tech, and followed every instruction,  and it still plays seth meyers after comedy central shows. i'm installing comedy central's app instead. 2 stars because the interface isn't awful and the ad tailoring is okay.
i love the option, but lags on the updated episodes, and since you pay for it shouldn't be a issue. also when the ads come in it's too many ads, but it takes too long on buffering from commercial to episodes. would have given five stars if these two issues were resolved...just not worth what you paying for if the issue persists
no ads. better than netflix.
remember when hulu just streamed without ads and no monthly cost or anything_ those were the days. funny how greed changes things_people.
all my favorite shows. highly recommend upgrading to commercial free plan, lots of ads.
it's still not working and they're refusing to fix their app. well that's lovely customer service, hundreds of people if not more can't use hulu and haven't been able to for the past 10_ months. also refuse to respond to emails so it's a tactic to force users to switch to no ads because it's the ads that are the reason it stops working.
i would have gave it 5 stars but it definitely has way too many ads and it's always buffering, even with wifi.
love it _ wish there weren't so many ads but above all its good
love hulu it's a great app for catching up on my shows when i'm not home also it's a life saver if you have no cable but it needs less ads or nome at all would be great. i don't feel you should have to pay _11.99 just for no ads i should get that privilege for just paying _7.99 a month in general
enjoy the app so much better now that i can pay to not have ads.
i'm using metro 4g lte, lg stylo phone. i'm not encountering the problems everyone is talking about. i am paying for the ad free version at _12 a month, i also have had netflix for about 6 years. i've avoided hulu for the longest, because of the reviews but recently tried it to find that it's great. i refuse to pay for cable, even when visiting my sisters house i prefer to stream. i use my phone and smart tv to watch and not having problems at all. so i'm confused to why it works for me but not 4 u.
needs less ads
wait too many ads_ great shows but the ads are a turn off_
great content to many ads
i work all the time, so catching up on some of my favorite shows on hulu comes in handy_ .. and with the option to pay _11 for no ads is even better_
extremely limited content _they don't even have better call saul_ very slow buffering speeds, and ads... so many ads_ money is being paid for this service and we get bombarded by ads, the least you could do hulu would be to give us a fair amount of content_ the majority of the shows listed on your _popular_ shows are almost all late night talk shows with the same boring hosts doing the same routine that's been done since late night talk shows started. i doubt there is anyone that watches every talk show.
great movies, but buffering cos too many ads_ pls delete d ads then i might rate it higher. tnx
everybody complaining about the ads. just pay extra few bucks a month then it's done. netflix is great for movies but the tv shows is mostly hulu.
freezes up and loops ads. almost unwatchable.
hulu is good but the ads suck and _4 for no commercials is to much at least a 1 dollar or 2 wouldn't be bad
why anyone is comparing hulu content to netflix content is beyond me. it's a difference of licensing and royalties and why netflix does not have recently aired shows and hulu does.  while i use both services i think it's a slap in the face to spend money, have sub par buffering video and watch 3_4 segments of ads _and the same 6 ads_ during a 30 to 40 minute show... now we can pay more to get rid of those ads_ that's your best solution hulu_ sincerely, customer who's likely not retaining service for long
there's a lot of people that say too many ads just upgrade to no ads if u don't like ads i really love hulu
for one week that's too much money and too many ads and the certain shows like the fosters they dont have. can't find show called the fosters seen they have pretty little liars but not the fosters how messed up is that.
there is way to many ads for a paid service
we pay for the no ads version and it's great_ but its so funny, when a show plays the segway music for an ad you expect it and it doesn't show up it gets me every time. lol it's well worth the price. and it works fantastic with my chromecast.
netflix charges about the same and does not have ads. this is the way cable tv began and now we pay a premium while still have to put up with ads. i will not pay extra _3 to avoid ads. this will only encourage a higher premium for this and similar services.
i love hulu_ great app. but i think you shouldn't have to pay extra for ad free services. ridiculous i'm all ready paying with my hard earned money, it was hard making that money and i'm giving it to you. so if you change that i would give all five stars no problem.
great app and has a great selection. i like this better than netflix because it has a better selection of anime and korean dramas. and the seasons of all the shows are updated pretty quickly. i haven't had any problems at all. the only thing i don't like is the ads.
stops playing thens starts again without volume. i have to stop then restart several times. i've gone from low quality to high on both tablet and phone. grrrrr...tried once more the ads played great...glad i could make u some  money hulu show the ads great then stop when it gets to my content. going back to netflix is where i never had this problem. what good is more content if i can't watch it. oh and this was streaming from wifi not phone services
best app. ads are short and quality is amazing.
i'm a bit disappointed that i can't synchronize my android to my smart tv like i can when i used netflix. you should add that option. i like to search in my cell phone and then click a button to play the movie on my tv just like netflix and you tube. i'm paying a lot not to have ads too
too many ads
just pay for ad free you cheap wusses
netflix is way better. i can't stand that they don't have every episode of the shows they advertise, like they only have episode 8_13 but not episode 1_7. why would i spend money on something i can't even use_ am i supposed to just make up a story and start on episode 8_ no. just no. don't waste your money, get a netflix account, at least i can watch every episode they have in the season. and i still have commercials, i just cant_
i like the better options of shows than netflix, just dont like i have ro pay extra for ad free
i can not watch my shows because it keeps buffering every time its showing advertising please fix this problem......my wifi and network is working good...
there are too many ads especially when your paying monthly fees like why_
well...i love this app simply because it has way more variety than netflix. personally i like it better than netflix but to be paying _7.99_month, there are too many ads. and they extend the ads for a ridiculous amount of time sometimes too. i wish that would change. it's ridiculous also that in order to be ad free, you gotta pay _11.99. other than that, everything is pretty solid. the only other problem is that my program did mess up and kept buffering and wouldn't play or load my subtitles. fix that. _
it skips nonstop and just randomly stops it has ads that last for like 5 days.its cool that you can watch like everything but really get that crap fixed
i got the free trial of hulu to watch a show that is on tv right now. i thought it would have the episodes i missed and it starts on episode 6. i can easily watch that on cw website. all other shows i can watch on netflix without ads. cancelled my subscription and uninstalled.
i pay 8 dollars to still have 6 min of ads. bullshit.
every time i watch a show streaming hulu to chromecast i can barely make it through 1 episode because it always gets stuck when loading ads. i don't mind the ads but i would just like to get through 1 show without having my entire chromecast freezing_
i love hulu even if there are a lot ads it's still great. i switched to no ads and it's s so perfect, _12 a month is worth it.
i pay for this yet i have to watch 90 second ads in shorts amounts of time... like i swear these ads are longer than the show i watch _ they're so frequent throughout the show, i've had to watch thirteen 90 second ads and it's driving me insane i just want to watch my show... please remove_shorten these ads or i'm gonna have to move on to something else hulu. _ if you're going to shorten them, make it at least 15 second ads for chrissake.. thank you
to many ads
no hd _most videos are not hd_ and have to pay more for no ads option. seriously hulu _
i have hulu because it has shows that aren't available on netflix, but it doesn't work as well as i had hoped with chromecast. it frequently gets stuck after ads, which means i have to stop what i'm doing and move my show forward a couple of minutes. it also sometimes forgets that it's connected to my chromecast and i have to restart it and reconnect it in order to disconnect it. i don't have these problems on my roku. hopefully the android app will be fixed soon_
i pay 11.99 for the no ads version and its great....
it keeps going black after it plays ads.. no problem on my phone with netflix..... i want a refund for this crap.
good show choices, but there are way too many ads for a paid service.  also, if you try to fast forward or rewind part of a show, you end up stuck watching the same ads over and over.  also, there's too many issues with _loading_ and _refreshing_ sometimes.  overall, even though hulu has more show choices with more current seasons, netflix is better quality with no ads_
to many ads and it's always loading or screen goes black can never watch a full episode. i'm cancelling my subscription after showtime's shameless series season ends.
way better content than netflix in my opinion and has no ads if u pay the extra 3_ for unlimited every month. if u watch anime just know it can be a pain finding shows that are dubbed as they kinda just throw it all in together. definitely better than netflix where anime is concerned though. worth a try.
to many ads.
the actual services are just alright _ it may be the app that sucks. the ads don't play properly, not that i care for them at all. but it is eating into the actual time spent watching episodes. get your crap together, hulu.
videos load fast and in high quality. nothing to complain about _except paying and still getting ads _ _.
great shows and movies. fyi pay your subscription and have ad free. of course having great internet service like att or cricket, never have an issue with my hulu. great app.
i agree with other people about there being too many ads in between shows and movies.
why the f does hulu think it's acceptable to have countless ads for paying customers_ you may put up with that crap, but i'm not.  then they wonder why stuff like netflix _ torrents are so popular.  if i pay money for something, it's to get benefits like to not be raped by ads. that's just disrespectful...  what a greedy, disgusting pos of a company.
the ads can be easily fixed by upgrading to the no ad version. and the buffering can be fixed by upgrading your internet. buffering definitely isnt caused by the app. go rate your internet provider 1 star for that. the app works wonderfully amd streams perfectly on my tv through chromecast, and through my xbox, my phone and my gfs tablet. predominant with tv shows but lacking movies which is fine by me.
cant real watch the show cause it freeze but the ads work fine...
i decided to subscribe to hulu plus so i could catch up on some of the shows my co_workers are always talking about. i even paid extra for the subscription without ads, but half the shows i want to watch only have the latest 4 or 5 episodes available. what's the point_ why should i pay _12 a month when i can't even catch up on the shows i want to watch_ because, you know everyone wants to start gotham on season 2 episode 7.
i really like this app _ i don't mind the ads and i can watch my favorite shows one or two days after they are on tv. this is a great app if you don't have cable
buy the advertisement free subscription. it's worth it.
i have some networks like cw and fox that dont wanna load all the way and it may be due to ads not wanting to load and it's very frustrating. i don't pay hulu plus,  4glte internet and home internet for nothing. do something to fix this hulu_ it just started 2 weeks ago.
too many ads and not keeping up on shows that they used to
too many ads
i paid for this for 2 months. ads before _ in between every 5 minute clip. i'm paying you already... so why am i getting the same ads over and over and over and over and over again_ then you play the ad _ it gets stuck in an endless loop, _ then wants to play the same ad again. why would anyone pay for this_ netflix is 1,000 times better... with no ads. and cheaper_ canceling hulu immediately.
i just want to be able to get through a show without having to restart it everytime a commercial comes on. everytime it cuts to commercials, it starts buffering and says _please try a lower quality_. what do you mean_   the show plays just fine but the commercials buffer_ something needs to be fixed asap_ and no i do not want to pay _4 more for ads free_ fix what i'm already paying you for hulu_
i like the variety of videos but there are too many ads. i'm paying _7.99 per month, there should be little to ads. netflix does not have ads...
love it many complain there is ads but you can choice no ads for 11.99 or with ads for 7.99. i pay for no ads and loving it_ it's truly worth the price. hate netflix_
it stoppes working when the ad fails to show up im paying for the subscription now and it dosent work im becomeing unsatisfied with the service now thinking of canceling . just wanted to watch some southpark after work.
there are so many reviews on here saying to many ads , pay 11.99 a month for no ads at all, worth it _
hulu is not netflix. there is nothing to really compare. with hulu i get to watch episodes that i missed in the past weeks or the ones i missed last night. yes there are ads, which you can pay more to remove but they're short and better than watching 20 minutes of commercials with regular tv. i use chrome cast and so far it works great. pay for this and netflix so we don't need cable.
people are complaining about ads for pay tv, but the fees don't cover everything. it's way cheaper than cable or satellite and gives you 90_ of popular shows. i'm very satisfied and will likely be dropping my tv providers.
very disappointed.  i have netflix and hulu. hulu has alot of good movies. better than netflix but too many ads. also always trying to load... freezes too many times. i have great internet connection and have called to check if that is the problem. netflix does not freeze but doesn't have as many movie selection
many people say there are too many ads and won't renew the service, but there are ad free options. hulu posts shows almost simultaneously with when they air, netflix takes months, after having netflix for a few years and then switching to hulu i can proudly say i won't be switching back.
i wanted to watch a few shows so i gave in a bought the monthly service. i know you can pay _12_month but that's too much. it should be ad free for _8. and they are obnoxious ads too.
i definitely love this mobile hulu and also it is supposed to be like watching tv so obviously there is going to ads and a monthly payment. i live how great this app works and i appreciate how this app never seizes to amaze me
it has way to many ads but the only thing  thats good about it is that it has more shows that people like to watch than netflix.but to be honest it is a good app
this was probably the best application i have. plus i can catch up on my shows when i can . and you can change it to no ads on settings._
i bought one has no ads way better luv it has better shows then netflix also. pretty content luv it_
to much ads
works great with my chromecast, and the quality is amazing. if you guys are sick of ads quit complaining and pay the extra three dollars or so to watch without the commercials_ you're not going to get this many great tv shows on netflix.
i enjoy the selection that neflix offers with no ads. however, netfix doesn't have seinfeld. that's a big deal to me haha. also, hulu has better options for shows and documentaries, so the benefits outweigh the ad issue. seinfeld_
love it especially now no ad's straight though the shows love it...
ive been a hulu subscriber for about two years. i really only have hulu because i am currently working nights and i miss prime time network tv. i can watch most of my favorite shows, just a few hours later. good selection of kids shows too. but the amount of commercials has increased, and they are very, very repetitive. especially during the next day shows i haven't already watched.  and, those are the only thing i watch on hulu. i don't watch them twice. so i get bombarded by the same ad over and over
before i try my free trial i try watch free episodes of south park but no video just ads and loading but when you subscribe will work 100_ with stupid ads
im starting to wonder wtf im paying for. first of all _limited ads_ is an outrageous lie. so many commercials why not just watch tv. also it must require tons of data because if internet is anything but amazing it will load the ads and buffer the shows or just say it's unable to play them. it doesn't happen with netflix. maybe hulu can ask them how they provide such easy to manage data packaging.
too many ads, even though it's better than netflix.
wont buffer ads but can buffer video just fine making it imposible to watch , fix this please
first of all you get what you pay for.. 7.99_mo with tons of ads. i hate ads and they seem to know it so i opted for the 11.99_mo. now with my gripe with chromecast is that it disconnects from my mobile device. so each time i want change what i'm viewing or the volume i need to reconnect to chromecast via the app. not sure if it's a bug with marshmallow or my nexus 5.
i love it. it has all the animals i like compared to netflix  having a limited amount.  plus i get to see new shows as they come up without commercials or ads just like netflix once i payed for a membership and clicked on what i wanted to pay for.
why ads and not a free trail you have to pay to start and netflix doesn't have crap in movies or cartoons that stop it like commercials like buying a disk and splitting movie up site used to be great anyone could watch for free not now no sign ins or register crap like now
i already have access to hulu through a family member and i have to say i love the amount of shows available _not many movies though_ but to those who are considering this, i would say it is not worth the money especially considering the amount of ads you have to sit through and how many other sites you can stream from without the hassle. on the other hand, if you don't mind ads on an app you pay for, more power to you_ i would rather stick to netflix and xfinity streaming. thanks but no thanks, hulu.
i don't understand how hulu plus can compete when you pay and still have to watch ads and commercials_ how is this different from standard free hulu_
if you dont want ads then upgrade to the no ads version.
good but...wayyy to many ads...its not funny how many ads there are but... a good show watcher besides netflix
i agree_. 5 stars except for ads. crackle has ads buts its free. uninstalling.
hulu is better than netflix i in fact have both and netflix has basically nothing compared to hulu. ad free may cost a couple bucks more but it is worth it. and just about every day there is something new, they keep up with shows pretty well for how many there are two. thank you hulu.
guess they want to bully you into getting the commercial free plan by quadrupling the number of ads per program. 20 ads for 36 minute program kind of excessive.
i find it disappointing that you still have ads whole paying and also that you can't get the latest seasons of some shows. app is not as good as netflix either
i understand having commercial ads to pay for service and movies.  but, your marketing department stinks_  i shouldn't have to see the same ad every single break. you really make me feel like dropping your service and going to your competitor.  i know i'm not the only customer of yours that feels this way, as many of my friends do also.
shows dont buffer. ads are always loaded first and stream fine. the ads in general are just a little to much for a paid service such as this. constant. play back errors never fail. just disappointing when it used to run so smooth
it should be ad free for what we pay for it
how is it that i pick hq to watch whatever it is that i maybe watching that minutes or even seconds later it still goes into lq_ but yet in the options settings wheel hq is still selected, not medium nor auto, and ads always play in high quality.
if i had one thing i could change, it would be the ads, but even with that, i'm just glad i can watch the full episode.
way too many ads, especially given the price of the subscription and limited selection of movies and shows. netflix has a wider selection to choose from for the same price...without the ads.
don't get too caught up in a show because it will start off with 1 or 2 30 second ads and then increase. after you watch a good amount, it raises to about 4 or 5 90 second ones. the show could only be 20 minutes long and you spend almost 50_ more time watching the over used advertisements. i also don't like how newer shows can only have about 4 episodes at a time but it's understandable with licensing and such. other than that, it has good selection and the originals are pretty good.
don't get too caught up in a show because it will start off with 1 or 2 30 second ads and then increase. after you watch a good amount, it raises to about 4 or 5 90 second ones. the show could only be 20 minutes long and you spend almost 50_ more time watching the over used advertisements. i also don't like how newer shows can only have about 4 episodes at a time but it's understandable with licensing and such. other than that, it has good selection and the originals are pretty good.
i've had hulu for a long time now and one thing that makes me so mad is the ad's replaying when i rewind the show i'm watching it's complete bull. like if i miss something and rewind it 2 seconds i have to rewatch the 4 ad's i literally just got done watching. the only thing i like more then netflix is the tv shows play the night after airing on tv...
i love it_ i feel like people complain too much about the ads. _8_month is still a lot cheaper than regular tv, which has way longer ads. paying _13_month for no ads is still cheap as hell than regular tv that always has ads.
it takes forever to load and my internet is great and too many ads whats the point of it netflix is better than this hulu
if i pay a monthly fee then i should 't have to watch 10 minutes of ads in a 20 minute episode of a show, its utterly ridiculous.... but besides that no real complaints except it's dumb to only have a few episodes of  season season one of a show but our have the whole second season on for streaming..
buffering...3 days later..literally you can't even get to the show to watch it because it buffers for an eternity. i used to love this app and use it on my phone but it's useless now. only ads play.
use to love it but the ads got irritating after a while. and since im a paying customer i was upset that i still had to watch commercial, so im done ill just keep netflix i guess
you all complain about paying by the month but getting ads, but guess what. you pay about 10_ of what you pay for monthly cable, get shows usually the day after they air, and you get half as many ads. all in all, hulu is an amazing service and is totally worth paying for monthly.
keep getting a black screen after ads have to keep going back and restarting but doesnt work
i love that hulu has the latest episode of many tv shows that are playing right now. netflix doesn't have that. netflix waits to put out the latest season until that tv shows new season has started..which means you could wait up to six months to see it..by then you've lost interest. hulu keeps your interest and paying a small fee every month for no ads it worth it.
to many ad's
so much better than netflix. and now with ad free option. a_
every time i watch a show is freezean i have to keep restarting it until it works then it has a lot of ads. need to do some fixing or im canceling my account
i love how there's a variety of shows and movies, but these ads ruin everything. i mean we already pay for it right_ and yet you make us endure through...lets see... in a 20 minute show there are 3 interruptions. and in these ineruptions there are 3 different ads. now each ad takes about 30_ seconds. 9_30_....so hulu i have one request... stop being so greedy_
to many ads
i love it, i don't mind the ads but almost all the animes are sub. i don't mind sub but it gets old having to read most of the time instead of enjoying the show, and most of the time after ads hulu crashes
even when i paid for it i still got ads. so why pay for it_
great shows but why watch them when every 10 minutes there's a ad
would be a better app if there weren't so ads also it buffers to much and you can't always watch your shows even with perfect internet
i've recently upgraded my plan to no ads, because i was barely able to watch an episode without having to exit the app and replay nearly every time because the ads won't play. however, there is the problem of no hd playback option_ why do android users get treated like second class citizens.
literally just the best. simple. just too much ads could be changed tbh
don't mind the ads but they never load, shows constantly buffer. sucks
way too many ads, especially given the price of the subscription and limited selection of movies and shows. netflix has a wider selection to choose from for the same price...without the ads.
a lot of ads
i dont get why people dont like this app.you can get no ads,it's like a couple more dollars i think.also hulu has shows that netflix dont.when i got netflix i couldnt watch south park or futurama.so if you hulu or netflix.make sure it has the shows you want.personally i like hulu more then nerflix cause it actully has shows i watch, not like netflix.
yes ads suck but guess what cable has ads too and a lot of people pay that and ads are way less time consuming than commercials_ this is good because i can watch current shows not yet on netflix_
fix this dinosaur_ one of the most outdated apps in the play store. hulu the buffering king, it reminds me of using a dial up internet connection. there are way to many restrictions and certain episodes are removed too early. the commercial ads are unbearable, but i'm not paying extra to remove them. you can't save entire seasons to your queue, only individual episode. this is ridiculous_
the shows play pretty good but the ads keep freezing. please have this fixed. asap
the service is great but those _dairy burn_ ads are getting annoying. i don't think i could avoid them if i signed up for commercial free access. will you please stop showing them by the end of february_ thank you.
create an account, give up credit card info, then have it crash every time i try to play something_ oh, but the ads play fine first. just the shows crash. tried log_out, log_in_ rebooting device. same fail. good bye hulu, never to try you again.
i love it everyone's complaining about the ads like its full episodes for free and it has a wider selection than netflix so who cares about the ads though it wouldn't hurt to cut down on them get over it
before i try my free trial i try watch free episodes of south park but no video just ads and loading but when you subscribe will work 100_ with stupid ads
i don't like how i have to pay for it and it still has ads
pays 11.99 still gets ads
too many ads but, has more selections than netflix.
too many ads
i like it maybe add some more cartoons but why the long ads when we pay already_
too. many. ads.
honestly it depends what show you're watching. netflix has some shows and hulu has others. i mostly watch hulu for a certain show and netflix for a certain show. if you have to end up choosing which one to have, choose by the shows you watch. only flaw with hulu is those annoying pointless ads.
the only video i've seen so far is the word buffering. in multiple wifi areas with good signal. can't even load the ads of which there are too many anyways with hulu.
that is were it ends way to many ads for the price, to much money for the commercial free, forces a ad on start, watch 3 commercials then watch a few minutes then go to past a section with commercials press play and get forced to watch the 3 ads over again,  get frustrated then restart hulu click play the whole show reboots forces the start add go through the into then force 3 more ads... you make money off ads... _android phone_android tv_ both hulu apps sicken me... only reason i kept hulu good shows.
i like that it has some of the shows i watch. apparently only supports casting to a chromecast which i particularly don't like because it's slow and buggy. trying to use hulu on the wii u is also a pain because the ads it tries to force at the beginning make my console flip out. my blu_ray player is slow as crap so i use the roku stick. it's quick and reliable. now if i could cast hulu from my phone that would be great but until then...one star
it won't load the ads or the shows so i can't watch anything.
but, i get black screen after ads. playback errors constantly. paying for hulu plus and still get ads. they did offer ad free for another charge. ads seem to have better playback than the actual show i want to watch. i wish whatever software they use for ads, they should apply to shows. i love hulu, these are just the reasons it does not get a 5_ rating from me.
all the people who 1 starred this are dumb. 1, hulu has updated shows _the latest episodes come out the day after they air on tv_, where netflix only has the previous season of a show _sometimes they only put one season up when there are 10 seasons out, and remove shows without letting you know_, and 2, if you pay for adless hulu, you get most of the shows with no ads. the only ones that do have ads are the shows that you have to go through your cable provider for, such as the sci_fi channel.
too many ads
too many ads ..
new episodes of shows will not play on the app, it just loads _ tells me to try a lower quality, which i've tried but it still won't play. also when watched on my tv, it plays the new episodes, however it tends to 'black out' picture wise when an ad comes on _ whether we just let the ad finish or back out of it _ go back on, doesn't change anything. the actual show stays blacked out too, but the sounds works just fine_
since day 1 the app fails to play consistently, constantly playing ads in a loop but no video. no matter the update, it doesn't work.
u get new episodes. bunch of shows. and for 12 dollars no ads. i love it. screw netflix and thier old content.
it works alright if you want to watch something with a ton of ads on your phone. sending it to chromecast is hit or miss. the commercials always load _ play but getting to, or back to, the show only happens occasionally. i don't recommend it. _edited two weeks later to add that it pretty much never loads. we have high speed internet _50mbps consistently_ _ this app gets stuck on buffering where the show never loads, even 20 minutes later. i don't recommend this app at all, even if it were free.
considering you pay monthly and you still get ads, isn't a good deal for me. then they want to charge you a few extra bucks to actually get ad free. pointless.
you all are retarded, the developers need ads if they want more profits. more profits for them means better for us because they can make improvements. you guys can either pay the extra money for ad free or shutup and watch the commercial that benefits both of you. who knows, the ad might be good and make a life changing moment or you can just wait 30 seconds and watch your show.
its not the greatest.. i have the package where i don't see any ads. however, its probably not much different than the package that does. considering i still receive poor quality at times.. only positive is that the poor quality doesn't show with everything i watch. still kinda lame though.
the i get no ads because i got money and paid for premium hulu
dig it. it's crappy that you still have to deal with ads unless you pay for the higher package,  but it beats the hell out of watching twice as many ads on tv, and is a minimum of 1_6 the cost of cable.
it's great but so many ads _
every time there is an advertisement_commercial, the app crashes. then when i go back to app, it makes me re_watch the commercial and continues to crash over and over again. works fine on my laptop and my roku, but on my phone..not a bit....friken pathetic.
tends to crash right after having to watch an advertisement then it forces u to watch the same advertisement again terrible service
every time there is a commercial it can't reload the program through chromecast.  have to restart.  getting sick of it.  2_9_16.... no improvement on freezing.  probably done on purpose by hulu to make you purchase ad free subscription
fix this dinosaur_ one of the most outdated apps in the play store. hulu the buffering king, it reminds me of using a dial up internet connection. there are way to many restrictions and certain episodes are removed too early. the commercial ads are unbearable, but i'm not paying extra to remove them. you can't save entire seasons to your queue, only individual episode. this is ridiculous_
if i want to pay for ads then ill get cable. just stick with netflix
way to many ads, it would be better than netflix but hulu has way to many ads
i love hulu. i don't see what the big deal about a few ads is. you have much longer commercials with cable. it really doesn't bother me, considering how many awesome titles they have. so much anime_ they have a lot more anime than netflix.
ads.
upgrade to ad free seem to be okay. .  have more episode. netflix have some missing episode .
hulu plays fine for free on a computer but just buffers all the time at the ad and the movie never starts using the app on the phone. i have 4g and crackle works fine on my phone but hulu app bites the big one
i love hulu my dad pays for netflix i laugh at people who really want something for nothing honestly i have gotten more then i ever asked for from hulu their customer service is amazing i ve never had issues with them and about the ads come on you've got the free trial who do you think actually pays for that for you nothing is free sheeople and fyi hulu has ad free service just like netflix claims to have too
yes there are ads but to get the tv shows out the say after they have to pay more so instead if charging you more they use ads, and the ads are like 30 seconds long. has a assortment of movies as well overall good steaming program
i don't know why people are complaining about the ads and monthly fee. it's only _8 a month, and the ads are not that long. from what i see, i get a variety of great tv shows and movies and i'm never bored with a selection.
save your money and go to netflix, this is trash. they run 100 ads for one episode its ridiculous.  netflix is so much better and the commercial free option isn't worth it when netflix is cheaper.
for all of you complaining about ads, it's worth it hulu has many more shows than netflix.
okay, i keep reading reviews saying _too many ad's_ people listen, there are ad's yes, so what though_ it's a company that needs to make money to continue producing content for its viewers. beside, you pay for your tv and that has commercials, which in case no one realizes, is longer then the ad's we get on hulu yet there the same thing. guys stop complaining. _if you don't have something nice to say, don't say anything at all._ seriously, calm down.
i love hulu, in my opinion it's a way better selection than netflix.  if you're complaining about the ads than spend a few extra bucks and get them removed with your subscription.  the ads are there so more of the latest content can be released for its viewers. it was never that bad as what i'm reading from reviewers, considering i was not an ad free user before.  i love this app i got it installed on all my devices,  it's great for when the tv is taken up by the kids.  try it before you knock it off on its ads and don't compare it to netflix cuz hey it's not netflix.
between the numerous ads and the poor selection of movies i'll stick with netflix
i can get the app open and pick a video. it loads the ads then hangs up on loading the video i want. this is on an xperia z4 tablet and i have great internet.
too many ads, the newer shows only have 1 season or clips.. buffers too much.. and a battery drain... don't waste your money, go to netflix
i know sometimes my wifi cuts in and out and stuff. and i don't mind watching the ads. not a big deal to me honestly. but i always get the same error. just gets saying _strange_ and closes the app. i've sent many report feedbacks but i don't know. i just wish it'd actually play the shows i wanted too watch. but other than that, its great. i can watch so many anime's. and that's the best part. thank you. _
really_ it's getting hung up trying to go back to the programmingfrom the ads. won't release the chromecast. i have to unplug and reset to get chrome pic up. and no its not the chrome cast. my other apps aren't effecting it at all. common,i want to watch a show_ please fix it. still waiting for update, i've called, was told you are aware of issue.still i can't watch programs. i've even swapped out cast devises, same problem. outs your app, and i'm paying for it_ fix it our lose my account_
this has about the same amount of shows as netflix but has a bunch of ads.  i'd say netflix is better..
the ads sometimes freeze in a buffering state. the only way to fix it is to back out and play the show_movie again, but guess what, you have to watch the ads from the beginning and hope it doesn't freeze again.
amazing...needs no ads
until they fix the bug, 1_. there is nothing wrong with my internet speed, or my wifi connection to my android. when i try to play any videos, it will play only the first 30sec. ad. tried reinstall, clearing cache, etc. works just fine on every other device.  fix your sh_t hulu i pay you good money.
yes hulu has alot more and newer shows_movies than netflix and that's great, but netflix doesn't have long ads or ads period_ it doesn't help that i'm very impatient. it also cost more _ than netflix. imo i don't think it's worth the _ and _4_5 more if you want ads free. if it wasn't for the ads tho and having to pay extra for ads free i'd give it 5 stars.
when it comes to the ad portion, ads won't load making hulu useless. probably a scheme to force users to get the no commercial service
good sections in movies but could you add more new movies and please get rid of the ads it's annoying that why i pay for any apps that i get that i like to avoid ads
2 months and no fixes. the app is junk, i'll be watching and an ad ends and suddenly neverending buffering or a gray screen and my chromecast crashes, and i have to restart my chromecast and tv just to watch again. no other tv app does this that i have ever used. i pay to watch on my chromecast, not a computer or anything else, so, unless the sole reason i pay you a month is fixed...i'm out.
i love hulu because, no ads.
no ads either
can't watch anything, the only thing that loads is the commercial ads.
will load ads but not tv show
the chromecast support for this app is just awfully broken. you connect to the device, the ad before the show runs, the show then doesn't load. you manage to start a show, the phone loses the connection when the screen goes off. you play an episode of the show in the queue, at the ens the app decides to play an episode from a different show instead of the next episode. which takes a while to stop because the chromecast connection has been lost again. compare to netflix which works always perfectly. bad app_
if your internet sucks do not even try hulu. it loads the ads first and then what ever your watching. therefore all you see is an add and then it freezes at on the show.
it's okay and glad anime_manga is on this been a fan for 25 years to these shows especially older anime series. if anime never was on hulu i'd never buy, let alone pay to remove ads.
on android some ads never load. tired of having to cancel watching to try for an ad that does load. hulu is screwing up with ads. back to netflix. _ my wife watches law and order svu continuously and i got tired of watching the same 3 seasons over and over. hulu_ has 15 seasons. 2 points taken away for commercials, since i pay. 1 point taken away because on psp3 a lot of the time the episode errors. 1 point added for original content, although gratuitous sex in shows like misfits not welcome.
this app is seriously sh1t. it will play the ads for you all day long but when you actually want to watch the shows, it just sits there and spins. you'd think this piece of crap company would take the money their gouging from customers and put it into actual useful app development.
i try and cast a show and my tv is just black. it sometimes just turns black after an ad. also, hull has ads_ deal with it_ this isn't netflix.
it has way too many ads, and it constantly freezes and buffers.
got the ad free subscription worked great for about a 2 weeks now nothing is loading. it says it's my connection but netflix works great. i've connected to wifi, turned on and off my mobile data restarted my tablet, still not working. will be cancelling my subscription if not fixed before my next billing date.
i love hulu i mean idk how people get ads i pay for the ad free version its like if you are watching cable u pay 30_ or more a month and you still get comercials but i like it _
i wish there was not so many ads
hulu is good because it uploads shows and movies faster then netflex those. but its stupid how u have to pay to be ad free when u can do it on netflex for free
youtube doesn't pay yet allow you to skip ad but we pay monthly for hulu and we can't even skip ad...
there are way to many restrictions and certain episodes are removed too early. the commercial ads are unbearable. you can't save entire seasons to your queue, only individual episodes. everything takes way too long to load. this is ridiculous_
the ad free version is _ _ _ _ _
i have no ads so i'm all good here
there is now reason for these ads. netflix has a few less episodes of shows, but they are far better than all the dam ads
i have netflix and hulu but hulu is so much better because it has more tv shows and the ads arent as bad as these people are making them seem it's 30 to 60 seconds out of the show_
besides the ads i love this app
too many ads even if you pay the _7.99 a month in order to have no ads have to pay _4 more a month. so lame will be canceling my subscription and just sticking to netflix.
rather than continual improvements and incentives to retain and grow clientele this app has regressed in quality and unfulfilled their promises. they have still not aired shows advertised over a year ago, have cut several prime shows this year, injected even more ads into each episode to promote their _ad free_ version _should be ashamed of that one, succeeded in making your competitors look even better_, has made no effort to fix the constant streaming interruptions and other pesky bugs, in fact, no improvements can be mentioned at all. with great apps like netflix and showbox to choose from, hulu needs to do a helluva lot of improving to get back in the race.
rather than continual improvements and incentives to retain and grow clientele this app has regressed in quality and unfulfilled their promises. they have still not aired shows advertised over a year ago, have cut several prime shows this year, injected even more ads into each episode to promote their _ad free_ version _should be ashamed of that one, succeeded in making your competitors look even better_, has made no effort to fix the constant streaming interruptions and other pesky bugs, in fact, no improvements can be mentioned at all. with great apps like netflix and showbox to choose from, hulu needs to do a helluva lot of improving to get back in the race.
it started good with minimal interruptions like they promised me but started to show longer and more frequent ads which was almost like watching regular tv. not a big selection of movies like netflix, they offer better selection and with ad free service for the same price. hulu it's not worth the money if either way you're paying for ads in both service selections, with the limited you're paying to see them and the ad free option you pay for not seeing them.
cannot watch an episode of anything without it stalling on a load screen after the numerous ads. have to restart the app to get it to work. will cancel subscription.
they have ads some shows aren't up to date. netflix is better
too many ads. netflix has none. doesn't work well with chrome cast
why do i have to pay i don't have cable here and streaming is my only choice make this free with no_ ads and i will return. i just want to want my favorite shows.
it's pretty good if they had no ads i would put a 5 star but it's still better than netflix because it has alot more movies on it
it works alright if you want to watch something with a ton of ads on your phone. sending it to chromecast is hit or miss. the commercials always load _ play but getting to, or back to, the show only happens occasionally. i don't recommend it.
there are many ads
i love that i can watch more of my favorite tv shows and movies on here. unlike netflix, there's a lot more to choose from and i don't have to wait a year to start watching a new season. it's a reasonable price like netflix and i don't mind the ads considering i get more bang for my buck. i wish i switched sooner_
why pay for this crap when you can pay for netflix which is ad free_ i know hulu has up_to_date episodes but you still shouldn't have to pay extra money for no ads.
people complain about the ads but they're minimal especially compared to tv service.  i stream hulu and netflix at home instead of paying for tv and hulu has more of the current show than netflix has_ you really need both, it's not a one or the other situation.
ads play just fine. actual content freezes up in a blank screen. many others on here with same complaint. how is this not fixed_ roku app works fine.
don't mind ads they give me enough time to check my phone and get something to snack lml, i'm one of those people who can't miss a sec_
good but to many ads
i'm starting to think hulu is allowing its app to freeze after the repetitive ads so we customers are forced to pay for the ad free hulu package.  quite frankly, i get so frustrated with the endless _loading_ icon that i switch back over to netflix.  it's simply starting to become an ever increasingly frustrating hassle.  stop trying to screw over your customers,  hulu and fix your inadequacies.
the chromecast feature is terrible_ constantly having to reboot my entire device. the ads will load perfectly, but the stuff you actually want to watch, good luck.
i decided to give it a try anyway. wow. seriously there is no way in hell i will ever pay for a subscription that includes ads anyway. that's stupid. netflix charges the same amount you do and has no ads at all. their library is spotty in places, but patience bring me what i want usually. you guys have current stuff but not full current seasons. if i'm paying a fee, i want ad free. period. not at half again the cost of similar services.
though there are _too many ads_ according to other people, there are less ads than watching regular tv and there are new episodes of shows that netflix doesn't have.  people could always pay extra to skip the ads or stop complaining.
i love the no ads woot woot
i have always been a huge fan of netflixs. i usually watch netflix a lot and ran out of tv shows to watch that interested me. i'm a tv show person and hulu is absolutely perfect for me. not only does it have all of my favorite tv shows but it gets the new episodes just days after airing. i don't really mind the ads because they make up for it with their great collection of tv shows. the movie selection while not as vast as netflix is still pretty great_
no comercial or ads if you really  did take the free trial.  new shows easy hulu is best option
you pay more for this than netflix and there aren't even ads on netflix. i also dont get why there isn't the hetalia movie on here either. _ you have all the series_
when there is ads involved with a paying 7.99 app thats like having cable tv full of ads ...... thats totolly not cool in my book ,,, 0 stars uninstalling very fast
i love hulu because i can watch whatever one honey do whatever i want to watch on it and its the best app almost as good as netflix ok come to me in my opinion is only a few ads for every show and i like that because it's too many ads on net is not in the bathroom netflix
one thing that you could improve is removing the ads and i will rate it 5 stars and it will be the best that i had besides netflix
one ad after another. not worth it
if u guys are mad because there's too many adds then just get the no ads one and pay 12 dollars so stop complaining and just get it with no ads hulu is a great app for phone tablet computer console and many more
way to many ads now
why do i pay you guys for everything, and not get all my episodes and seasons_ i support the rights to sue. especially for false advertisement. call their support number and give em hell.
they have 2 tier pricing ads vs no ads          the down side is if u wanted to watch a series completely you may or may not be able as some series are missing some episodes in the middle and some expire so basically limited time. other wise great app and service
after the ads, the video often freezes and the only way to fix it is to unplug the chromecast and reboot it. please fix this.
it takes over 5 minutes to load a page on my 1 week old samsung tablet. it works slightly better on my 4 year old samsung tablet. i almost want to cancel my ad free account and delete the app.
at first the only complaints were ads even though i am paying _7 a month and not keeping many episodes of the latest season on for too long. but just recently they forgot how to count. if you look at arrow or the flash you will notice that they will have the first two but they deleted the 3rd, like wtf hulu_ i don't know if it was on purpose or not but they need to fix it because right now i am not happy especially since they removed the blacklist which is my favorite show.
stop giving them high stars and it will change. it's ture way to many ads for a paid service for that go to crunchy roll for my animes and for movies and regular shows find links you guys need to think about the great quality of your product but you let advertisements mess up your perfect product lose the advertisement with just the monthly u can cover your expenses you cheep jerks i might not change much but if ppl follow we might change something we like ur products but your not thinking of us
stop giving them high stars and it will change. it's ture way to many ads for a paid service for that go to crunchy roll for my animes and for movies and regular shows find links you guys need to think about the great quality of your product but you let advertisements mess up your perfect product lose the advertisement with just the monthly u can cover your expenses you cheep jerks i might not change much but if ppl follow we might change something we like ur products but your not thinking of us
still on the freee trial. but what's the point netflix is same price with no ads. way too many ads. not subscribing.
it buffers too much and have way too many ads.
too many ads and says buffering way too long. i always have to restart my phone and it still buffers. please fix this. will cancel if this continues.
i watch more shows on hulu than i do on netflix.  in a lot cases netflix only covers the last season of shows.  hulu has current tv shows.  as for the ads some other people have mentioned, for few extra dollars a month i get no ads.  it is well worth it.
ads come on like every five minutes but other than that it a pretty cool app.
that ads load but the shows don't
non stop issues.. when casting videos, the ads will load but the actual video will hang. trying in vain to load . it's not my chromecast, every other app will cast any and everything with ease. please do something hulu, it's getting super old.
if you pay for the subscription the 11.99 one no commercials or ads n it has better movies n shows
why put ads in something we pay for_ i'm cancelling the service
i enjoy all of the shows, it has a lot of my favourites. however, it very often will not load my show after the ads... which there are a lot of.
like everyone else, i agree that hulu has too many ads. but i also understand why. unlike netflix hulu gives us current seasons, not knocking netflix i love it and you will never cancel that subscription period to bring out those current seasons hulu has to make deals with the network that on the shows we want to see. the ads are to keep the subscription cost low so that we can watch those current season shows, instead of waiting till the end of the season and for them to be uploaded to netflix
july plus is great its got better since the no ads thing
i used to hate this app, actually would have given a negative score.  after the last few _over several months_ updates it started working again and upgraded from free user to the no ads account.  i absolutely love it_ also recommend that you spend the extra 3 dollars a month for ad free it's worth it.
ditched hulu paid dye to ads
you can even pay for ad free _
i love hulu, i haven't had cable in 3 yrs and i don't miss it. hulu may have a lot of ads, but it don't have that annoying are you still watching, like netflix has.
i download this and i could watch south park anytime i want._. but there are so many f_king ads and it was freezing i had to dleate it.
i pay 12 bucks for the ad free version and i'm grateful that it has 0 ads but i can't lie. there is so much lag during my shows. and ik it's not from my router because my phone and smart tv which uses netflix, youtube and hulu doesn't seem to have this problem at all. but when i watch it on my xbone it seems to lag a lot. idk if it's the kind of servers you have but an upgrade would be the best.12 bucks for ad free sure, but the quality still needs to be there. otherwise no use paying for the service
i remember when hulu came out with two options. one free with ads and the other which you paid for few or no ads. now there is a third pay even more for no ads. not sure which is worse this or netflix
i've been a hulu user since before it was mainstream before you had to pay before there were commercials...forever.  i like it a lot, but lately on my htc desire eye. it buffers videos _on wifi_ and it never loads.  i've signed out and in. uninstalled reinstalled. the only thing that works is if i load it on a computer first for a minute. then close that and open it on my phone.  also, netflix doesn't have ads because they are in arrears on there television shows when most are available on dvd.
nothing beats watching tv at work ad free, thanks hulu.
how come netflix dosnt have ads but this does_ this is no different and is actually worse than netflix. screw the ads.
so lets play the ad so we can make money then crash app and if u have the _minimum_ commercials plan since they added no commercial option. there is so many commercials now
please use different ads i'm already annoyed of the same ads.
won't play anything. i have membership with no ads. i also use wifi and the little ad that plays before most shows load but not the video itself
i know people say _too many ads _ _the monthly payments is not worth it _ or _netflix is better well this is all wrong i mean don't get me wrong there is alot of ads but you get new tv shows when as in netflix it take for the season finale to put it on there so personally hulu is the best
i use it away from wifi a lot.  i want to set low quality as default setting,  but resets after every episode.  this is annoying and wastes data.  i wish for ads to use low quality settings as well.  don't need hd to be annoyed by them. sd is good enough for that.
i agree...to many ad's
now that hulu is trying to push everyone to the _ad free_ option by jacking up the ads to an insane level _14 ads in one half hour show_ on the paid version, i will be cancelling. too many ads on the paid plan and only a matter of time before the ad free option is full of ads. goodbye hulu.
i just don't like the ads
i couldn't even get logged in bcause the amount of ads. the same ad popped up every 2 seconds. fix please_
ads ads and ads
whenever i try to use hulu with my chromecast, it will load the ads, but not the actual video and then the app says i have a problem with my internet connection, but the minute i disconnect it from chromecast the video loads no problem.
i hate all the ads i will decativate.
the ads, of course, never have an issue playing _ they play in better quality than the show which is incredibly annoying considering it's a paid service. also, the app doesn't always open_ it just sits there with _hulu_ on the screen, _ i know it isnt my device because none of my other apps do this. please fix_
1. way to many ads. not paying for no ads switching to netflix. 2. anime watcher not enough dubbed shows switching to netflix. you suck compaired..
paid subscription service with ads is annoying. the big problem, though, is the abundance of missing episodes on the current seasons of shows. this is incredibly inconvenient and makes catching up on the shows i've missed out on impossible with this service. this is why people use more nefarious means to watch shows. canceled membership and uninstalled.
i have been able to ditch cable.  there are a few channels i wish they'd add, like cbs and bbc but there is enough to keep you entertained for a long time.  you get new shows the day after they are on tv.  it boggles my mind that people are complaining about the ads_  people who pay many times more for cable or satellite have at least twice as many ads.  this is the only place you can watch the mindy project  or moone boy.  worth it just for that.
i have had hulu for a while now. unfortunately, it has gotten worse recently. i watch it on my xbox one and is the worst of the three big streamers _netflix, hulu, amazon video_. shows cut out for no reason, ads stall _making them even more annoyong_, and episodes expire too quickly so you can go into a new show midseason. this will be my last month on hulu.
good app for people that like ads.        just get netflix.
great movies,too many ads
to many ads. to manny ads
i already paid and still ads wth_
so let me see if i got this correct.. _7.99 a month, basically the same as netflix, but with all these ads. but wait. pay _11.99 a month now for the service instead and your ads are gone. nope. cancelled my subscription literally 5 minutes ago. oh netflix, i took you for granted. i'm coming back.
i started watching shows and it started with one to two ads, two ads i can understand, but tacking on two and three ads_ unacceptable, especially if netflix can charge the same price for no ads whatsoever. and i've just started watching shameless, not the uk version, i'm talking about the good us version. now its gone and i'm left on season 2 episode 2 dazed, confused, and downright disappointed...
works great on my xbox one and our android devices, but for the past month or so it will freeze up when either the ads start playing, or when they end and the show should start back. have reinstalled multiple times and reset chromecast to no avail. guaranteed within 2_3 episodes hulu will crash chromecast and the only way to fix is unplug and replug it. can't load other apps or fix without unplugging. can turn the tv off for two hours or two days, but chromecast still still be frozen until it's unplugged.
like it alot i know that theres ads and netflix doesnt but hulu airs new episodes a day or two after they air and that includes shows from comedy central, nickelodeon, adult swim, a huge variety of anime and more love hulu_
needs a reduction in commercials for the limited service. i understand the need for a few but 4 or more ads in say a 23 minute show...is too many.
there are ads because unlike netflix you don't have to wait a year for a show to come out i use both it works better that way
for the free trial of the 7.99 there's an ad every 10 minutes. i'm not willing to pay 7.99 for a lot of adds
quality is incredibly poor. way too many ads. even if you skip back after waiting 70_ seconds you will still be waiting the same amount of time sometimes. other than that the content is very vast and up to date
there are commercials before and after every show on the _commercial free tier_. plus they show the icon of whatever local affiliate station would air the program you are watching. netflix has no commercials. netflix has no overlaid logos. netflix is cheaper. netflix makes their own content. netflix has better selection. netflix has a better app and user experience. i will not continue after my trial solely because of the ads. i will now pirate commercial free versions of shows on hulu. this is disgraceful.
too many ads
i see the reviews complaining about the ads but you know you can buy a subscription code on ebay for less and get 8 months with no ads on shows. but there a few shows that will show an ads before and after the show. which are only a select few. overall haven't had a bad experience yet_
netflix is ad free. hulu doesn't have the walking dead.
so, i pay for this, still have to watch ads, then the ads skip so much on multiple devices that it often messes up.  no thanks. i'll be cancelling my subscription
i love the show but it could use less ads
absolutely to many ads and you can't finish a movie because it has loading errors at the end of every movie
i pay _9 a month and the ads are over 90 seconds this is an outrage the show are really good but each episode has 4 ads that glitch out a lot
to many ads being counted from the start of the and going left with 3 more
don't like it to many ads and freeze all the time with me
great shows but too many ads.. and i dont know if its just me but on the phone app it butfers so much sometimes im watching the ads 6x in a row _
wad to many ads on hulu.. a serious update is need.. if i paying for it i wanna see so many ads.. fix it
i spend more time waiting for it to load then i do watching it.  if i'm going to pay for it why can i not fastforward ads change this and i'll get this and give 5 star rating
after paying a monthly fee it is unaceptable to have to watch ads every 3 minutes. for every 4 min of tv.
i see random bad reviews on here. are you nuts_ its cheap, it barely advertises and it works on multiple devices. also its very different from netflix. it updates daily and focuses more on television programs with movies and documentaries. where as netflix is more movie based and doesn't update or add new things as often. either way i recommend doing both and you really don't need cable at all. its overpriced nonsense
they put so many ads on so they force you into paying extra. why bother with a minute and 30 long ads_ i paid for this for a reason.
know why hulu has ads and netflix doesn't_ hulu ads episodes every day. hulu has alot more shows and movies that most people watch. and did i forget to mention they ad episodes right after they air_ first world problems.
sure its ads but its to make it seem like your watching cable or so u can go to the bathroom on commercials
though hulu limited to free users and what i'll call silver level users who pay for more videos to be unlocked then the stock of free stuff for everyone else, there is a third teir of membership i like to call hulugold. hulu gold costs 4_ more but gives 100_ ad free service. it's as good as netflix and im some cases better, with more recent seasons of shows being aired, as well as in some cases having seasons of previous material. worth the 12_ a month for the ad free experience.
stop the stupid ads
app keeps freezing won't load on wifi at various places or mobile network. and everyone i exit and try again it restarts sometimes making me watch the ads twice. it's inconvenient. the tv shows _at least the shows i watch_ are all available online on nbc abc, fox etc. for free btw
great_ dont mind ads just means a bathroom break when i binge watch.
good show selection but way too many ads as well as bugs and glitches. always crashes
i pay so i should get all shows and not have to have a computer_ you people are false advertising
i love hulu, have all my favorite shows and stream out the next day it air on tv. yeah there's ad but netflix always have shows like a year later. that's my opinion. don't mind paying under 8 dollars to watch all my shows especially when i miss the tv air.
too many ads
all the whining about ads. i just putz on my phone, exercise, fold, do dishes, or many other things to fill the time. i just wish i could filter ad types. wish there were more cable shows available.
i enjoy having it available on ny phone. yes there are ads but they 10 secs or less, the fact that the shows r up to date is what i like. i have netflix also so i'm happy with both.
hi before the last update or whatever i could watch shows and enjoy hulu on my phone but now the only thing i get to watch are ads. please fix it or whatever it is that you all do with the apps or do i need to go to hulu's company to get it fixed because it might just be my account but don't know all it lets me do is watch ads and loads like a few seconds if the shows i try to watch _
to the people complaining about ads.. get over it. you are acting like children. hulu has less commercials than regular tv and for only _11.99 a month you can get commercial free streaming which is still a helluva lot cheaper than cable. you can't compare it to netflix and complain about ads when hulu streams current seasons the same week they air. netflix is limited and you can wait years before the last seasons are up. don't be cry babies.
way too many ads.
since i switched to no ads it freezes up and wont start a lot of programs. going to change back.
as a truck driver, i'm not home during the week to watch my favorite shows. i love having my hulu app to keep up with them while i'm out on the road. originally i was upset with the amount of ads, but i upgraded to the commercial free service. it was the best investment. i like not having to wait till the following season to watch my shows like you do on netflix. i do wish hulu offered better movies like netflix though.
you can get netflix with no ads and pay the same amount for better quality i can never watch hulu with out wifi but i can with netflix
the shows are never updated on time and too many ads during the show.
slow , doesnt buffer, crappy tv shows and to many ads
there are alot of ads but overall wuth the price i love it. just need the big bang theory on it
netflix is much better why pay for ads your trial isn't worth it paying for old outdated movies that we all have seen on cable
id rather watch netflix since it has no ads. its actually really cool if you get rid of the ads
the commercials are ridiculious especially when i pay monthly for hulu and i have to pay more just to get commercial free its so obnoxious netflix is way better considering you dont have to listen to all the annoying adds but hulu does have more tv shows to offer they care more about making more money off of advertising than there comsumers though
hulu overall is ok..decent shows to choose from. kinda makes me mad that some seasons start at like season 5 or whatever why not from season 1_ i don't mind an ad every now and then but considering i pay monthly sometimes i feel it's too much ads. but what really gets me is casting to my chromcast...it is horrible with that_ it freezes constantly_ at first thought it was my internet conection...nope bc netflix casts just fine. fix it hulu or i'll be canceling my subscription_
awesome but toooo many ads
so far i am enjoying the service. yes there are lots of ads but i pay _80 a month for cable that has lots of ad's. so not sure why all the complaints.
i downloaded this app and never once logged in. it used 545 mb idle. i only get 5gigs. uninstalling. hulu itself is okay just way too many ads in an attempt to promote it's add free option. when in all reality the ad free option is netflix, lol.
this app freezes up a whole lot. i have uninstalled and reinstalled. will see if that helps. paying _7.99 a month is bad enough when it plays so horribly. i would never pay _14.99 a month just to get no commercials. the few ads do not bother me, i just wish it played better. hulu is the worst streaming app ever_ i have never had any problems whatsoever with netflix_ i absolutely hate hulu. it is positively the worst streaming service on the planet_
since the last update, hulu crashes chromecast and its program after it attempts to reload a show after ads. this is unacceptable, as this is a paid app. please fix with an update or contact me to resolve.
you people that are on free trials and come back to cry over the ads,my gawd its called _free trial _...maybe ask those who pay if the ads disappear over ranting about a couple ads,mine disappeared after i bought the membership, it's a trial to see if u like the basic service,,,,
lots of ads and doesn't work with chromecast. just terrible.
i don't mind the commercials but i would like to see more different ones perhaps_ movie trailers, technology, just more variety i suppose. other than that i like this app. mainly use it for anime. and i like the whole watch one long ad option and jus watch the our programming but that option doesn't come along enough. still using this app.
we have cable and i choose to watch hulu. i watch hulu every night. i even pay for the no ad subscription. only thing that can improve is for the new seasons on all shows be updated when the episode come out on the same day
buffering issues and it gets stuck after the ads when casting via chromecast.
if i'm going to pay for it why can i not fastforward ads change this and i'll get this and give 5 star rating
if i watch for too long my shows won't load or the ads will freeze.
too many ads
they have ad free now for an extra fee. great selection ave next day access on a lot of popular shows.  also great anime selection.  just wish more were dubbed
it has been a while and lasted a couple updates... once in a while, it can't resume to video after showing the ads. it stuck at the black loading screen. nothing works. not disconnecting hulu, not connecting other apps, can't soft reboot chromecast via the chromecast app... have to power off chromecast and back on to have it _fixed_. the frequency of this happening varies, but frequent enough to be too annoying
it ok lot of ads
it's really good and they stopped having as many ads but i'd give it a 5 if there were none overall. but besides the 15 second ads here and there this is a really good app.
it's literally cable tv in streaming form. complete with paying for ads. the only saving grace is it's content.
even as a subscriber i still have to watch ads and at every other ad the app stops playback with an unknown error. makes watching an episode extremely difficult or sometimes impossible.
i will stick with netflix to many ads not worth 11 without ads
this app just stops working after ads way too often, i have to restart the app and wait several minutes before it starts responding again. something i feel like i shouldn't have to deal with when i pay monthly.
the ads irritated me, too. found out that for an extra _4 per month, you can watch ad_free hulu. i appreciate being able to watch shows i've missed as far back as a month after they originally aired, and i don't mind paying an extra _0.13 a day to get rid of the ads.
too many ads
now you have the option to choose no ads with your programming.
it works properly on some devices and some devices it does not. what is ridiculously amazing is that on the devices that have trouble playing back chosen content, commercial advertisements always work, where as the content you are trying to watch does not.
hulu is great for what u pay for it. i've been a customer for a year now and even when i had the 8.99 plan with ads i couldn't complain cuz they were streaming newer to brand new shows. i'm on the commercial free plan now and it's great. anyone complaining about ads needs to grow up. how do u think hulu is letting u only pay 8.99_ they need to keep the price cheap for us and affordable for themselves as well. they're called sponsors.
why would anyone pay for a service that crashes_ the app installed and appeared to be working. as soon as i selected a show to watch, it showed the channel logo and crashed right after the ad... well at least you are still getting your money for ads playing without providing the product your company promises_ typical_
even with to many ads it's still great plus netflix takes to long to get the new movies._
every time an ad comes on, it starts buffering. it makes it nearly impossible to watch a show uninterrupted.
too many ads even after paying a monthly subscription
their no ad subscription is more expensive than netflix, but has less to offer. not worth it.
great app_ can watch what is on current television. but too many ads and commercials.
frequently updated and decent interface.  the only problem is the amount of ads.
i am really loving the adfree hulu right now i did not like it because of the whole advertising every minute. but since i heard of the adfree subscription i now have both the adfree and the showtime subscription and to be honest am thinking of paying for it after the free trial ends.
when it's getting good there is always an ad
to many ads and it glitch alot
well, they removed all of the error messages. now it just crashes or freezes after most of the ads. this is a dirty trick to try to get me to upgrade to their ad free tier. i'm tired of their greed and am just going to cancel altogether.
ever since the app updated there have been horrible issues. this morning i was able to watch on my phone just fine. but i just spent the past 25 minutes trying to start watching an episode because i would get 5_10 seconds in and it would freeze. every time i would close the app and restart it the ad would play no problem but 5 seconds into the actual episode and it would freeze up permanently, or it would freeze up for a second, then it would continue playing without the audio.
great shows esp. since you have to wait forever for netflix to get them but hate all the ads. even on commercial free upgrade you still get ads. ugh wish they would cut ads dawn to maybe two sets vs the 4_5 sets currently. also sometimes it will take a bit to buffer i never have that problem with netflix. wish they had bundles like on netflix you can pay extra for up to 4 devices at a time hulu is one that's it sucks for a family of 6 to take turns on one stream at a time. need bundles_
it's not free, false advertising
hulu on all of my devices is slow and laggy it often restarts the episode or fails to play it all together. idk why this happens, netflix never lags its easier to use and there are no ads so maybe ill just stop using hulu and just use netflix because honestly hulu has not impressed me.
i started off with the _7.99_month plan. it seemed like every two minutes i was watching a clump of ads. and every time there were 3_5 ads. i had to upgrade to the _11.99_month plan just to watch tv shows peacefully. and don't even get me started on the movies_ the majority of the movies on hulu are random and unknown. like, where did these pieces of crap come from_ i can't wait for my subscription to be up, going to netflix.
some good shows. limited episodes. too many ads.
for me to pay 11.99 why all the ads
to the creators of hulu the only question i have is why so many ads like are you getting paid from our suffering to have to take a 15_20 seconds break to watch repetitive ads so please dont make me go to netflix again
way to many ads and why are there so many ads that are the same thing like i saw at least the same ads  every time this is bullshit
asked me for credit card information as soon as opened the app. try the crackle app, they offer an actual free service and probably have less ads.
so it loads ads flawlessly with half_decent quality. but when it comes to buffering for the show, it doesn't want to load_play.
this app is absolutely useless. i had it not even an hour, it kept freezing, there was too many ads, it wouldn't play anything and like i said when it actually did play all it did was freeze or stop and buffer every 5 seconds_ screw this app and company i'm sticking to netflix. they have never done anything wrong. thank you and have a wonderful day_ not_ sorry not sorry. _
have a lot of ads  but awesome
while i watch vidoes, sometimes the audio just stops. none of my other apps do that. also, ads are really annoying. its the same 3 ads over and over again
on broadband this app freezes.....oh but wait it will load all 5 of the ads and then fails to return to the program you are watching. what have you done to this app_ fix it.  have to unplug the chromecast after hulu makes it freeze. called customer support and they were no help. please fix this craptastic app. too many ads. why the ads even when you are paying a monthly fee.
i had to stop watching hulu because on all mobile devices including media boxes_cards the app has an extreme buffer time and or freezes giving an error as if i was trying to circumvent the ads. i do not have addons nor can i especially on a media box so i don't know how to fix. please fix this issue, as i have stopped watching all together because of it.
good when ad free version is bought_
have a lot of ad but awesome
program indefinitely loads after ads...
after it plays the advertising it keeps saying loading.... and wouldn't play the video
would be great without the ads.
they have two different options for ads, one is you get less of them and one is you don't get any at all...i have the one where you don't get ads, it's amazing and it's better than netflix, because you can watch your shows the day after it airs,i already do that with cable tv
the commercials are worse than network television, more ads and longer and its the same couple of ads  over and over. you can't fast forward to skip them, if i try it goes back to the start of the ads and i'm forced to watch them again. and this is on the paid version.
don't get me wrong i love hulu. it have the best shows and movies on here, but it have to many ads and i wish they didn't have it_
good movies with a few ads
really_ it's getting hung up trying to go back to the programmingfrom the ads. won't release the chromecast. i have to unplug and reset to get chrome pic up. and no its not the chrome cast. my other apps aren't effecting it at all. common,i want to watch a show_ please fix it.
well i had netflix and amazon video and they really are great compared to hulu. they want to sell you a membership with ads what a ripoff. local antena digital tv channels are better then this hulu bs.
i don't like all the ads...
i don't like that even if you pay for not having ads you still will be shown limited ads also the movie trailers to me arent needed
to many ads and monthly fee and u can watch on netflix with no ads or go on youtube to watch it and u can't skip the ads it more and more ads all the time.
you play the same ads every 5 mins and  when i try to cast it to chrome you make me watch the commercials again_ also i have to keep restarting my chromecast because its stuck loading. and it only gets stuck on the ads. i know its not my internet or chrome because netflix streams just fine. i would be fine with the adds can you just fix the bugs so i can actually enjoy the service with out getting frustrated every 5 mins. hulu is supposed to be more convenient than cable.
i upgraded to the ad_free version a few months ago and have been using this app everyday since. totally love hulu now that there's no ads. but all of a sudden, every video plays for thirty seconds then freezes. it's not my phone or connection, because netflix and youtube play fine. i even uninstalled and reinstalled and it's still happening.
netflix has no ads...really_ i'm paying for commercials_
i pay way too much money to have too many ads and missing episodes like missing episodes in arrow and 4 ads every 5 minutes i'm about to stop paying and  stop watching
the app has to many ads and you have to pay a monthly fee.
too many ads and commercials. not paying  for 1_2 episodes.  so far, netflix is the best
too many ads, don't like the fact that i have to pay extra to go ads free, more promotions for movies and shows than actual movies and shows, problems connecting to their network _my internet connection is great_, so i cancelled my sub_ i decided to sub to netflix _8_ and hbo now _15_ because they're just better in every way_  hulu is lousy_
to many ads otherwise would have got 5 stars
been a customer for a few years now. i love it and yes there are ads but there's an option to upgrade so you don't have to deal with ads
to many ads
alot of ads but still offers better titles than netflix
been using hulu for years now, and i'll admit i got a little used to the small_short ads in between my shows however, now they're 3 times longer and they want already paying customers to pay more to make them go away. screw you hulu. i am not falling for your money making tactic.
update will let ad play and then scramble the picture on the actual show. please fix this problem. 7 hours later and still waiting for you to fix this problem_                                                                                                                          i am done with hulu and you're not fixing problems. if i could give this application less than one star i would.
freezing and buffering too much. the ads load perfectly but i have to go thru hell to watch a show. also the payment reminder loads.  cancelling.
theirs too many ads i proposed to decrease some ads, that way the consumer would be happy watching tv series or movies. you will get more people like that.
ok app to many ads tho
the reason i disliked it because im a kid and i wanted to watch movies without it saying lets pay for it or to many ads popping up
to many adds even with a paid subscription and we are not gonna pay an extra 3 bucks just to not have advertisements . also they never keep full seasons of newer episodes of shows they delete them after a few new ones so if you missed any your screwed. it could be a lot better if they would change some of their bs money scenes and start acting like a smart company wanting to do the right thing . until they change their ways two stars in my book.
i agree...to many ads
too many ads
ads aren't showing up and videos aren't playing. it keeps saying the playback function isn't working.
your apps buffer way too often unlike your competitors _netflix, amazon, crackle, et al_. can't help but notice your ads never have trouble with this. needs to be fixed yesterday.
for _8 a month on netflix i get ad free viewing. but just in my opinion, the selection of stuff to watch on hulu isn't as good. and its always buffering.
absolutely get my money worth. worth a few extra bucks to go ad free. i only wish they would have a 2 streaming or family style package.
ads load fine, episodes don't load at all. i'm left with the black screen. checked my connections and that was not the issue. hulu, please fix....
lots of ads
now i'm going to start off with, i got this for 6 months only paying 7 dollars_ i bought a code from a shady website so who cares. there is ads but you can no buy no commercial mode, so stop complaining. it's cheaper and better then cable, so shut up
having ads is a real binge killer and 12_month for _no_ ads _still get ads on 7 shows_ is insanely overpriced. maybe if the 12_ plan came with 4k it would be worth it
please fix the ad count per episode. why should we have ads on a paid service_ this is why in just going to stick with netflix. i'm pretty sure netflix would lose all of its customers if you guys got rid of the ads.
too many ad 's
it's unbelievable that as a paying customer, i have to sit through the same ads over and over again if i accidentally rewind or fast forward a show. the way ads are set up on hulu make the service feel..pathetic, almost. i really do enjoy the show selection but jesus christ, man.
i love hulu but too many ads i add netflix to see what is like so far i like it and i'm staying with it and goodbye hulu.
they have wayyy too many ads get netflix but has good shows
too many ads
there are some rare moments where my hulu is able to connect to my chromecast, mainly where there are no ads such as movies. when it does play, it lags forever and plays and then pauses, play and pause and eventually says the video will not load. my internet connection and phone are fine, i'm able to connect my netflix to my chromecast easily but not with hulu.
its great when it works im even used to all the ads even though there are so many my only problem is it crashes half the time and im noticing it only happens when an add plays
garbage. i spend more time restarting episodes or quiting the app and reopening it because it freezes than i do watching shows. the ads never have a problem playing though. it's not my connection because netflix works fine and i have this problem on android and apple products. just a garbage product bottom line. don't waste your money or time with this one
it's still better than tv, pick what you watch. besides the ads help them stay in business and is why its still so cheap to use.
a lotof ads but, they have to pay for it somehow. lots of great shows.
too many ads plus the buffering between ads is annoying
yeah its 11.99 but worth not having to actually watch ads.
i'll keep this brief hulu was so much better back in the day when it was all free, abd the ads were reasonable. well, now it's just crap
only plays the first ad then says buffering forever.
too many  ad's
i pay for no ads and i can't get anything to stream on the app. it just freezes. i'm basically paying for a frozen screen. it's been this way for a couple of weeks now.
quality is incredibly poor. way too many ads. even if you skip back after waiting 70_ seconds you will still be waiting the same amount of time sometimes.
i'd rather watch hulu than tv because i can pick what i want to watch then and there but... there's just too many ads for this paid subscription. why isn't there an ad free payment option_ if this was added i believe it would solve most of the problems with customer satisfaction.
no ads is totally worth it..
one out of every four times an ad ends, the show gets stuck on a loading screen when i use chromecast. it completely crashes chromecast and i need to reboot it. very annoying.
only fox shows really update the next day  _if you are a paid tv subscriber that is_ otherwise you have to supposedly wait for 8 days but there are shows that have aired 3 new episodes before they upload the 1st missed one. they make it hard to navigate through to browse for shows and the ad free version still comes with ads on the most popular shows. movie selection got better but pretty much same as netflix. pay for inconsistency if you want, i'll wait for a site to come out that actually values customers
wake up hulu_ there are way to many restrictions and certain episodes are removed too early. the commercial ads are unbearable. you can't save entire seasons to your queue, only individual episodes. this is ridiculous_
one_there too many ads and  two_i subcribed and it's sayin i didn't so i can only watch the free episodes on my phone
when i bought this app with ads i hated it because there  were a bunch of ads but then i just wanted no ads so i got no ads now and it's amazingly  awesome
way too many ads. monthly subscription holders should not have that many ads. two or three per episode is just fine
making me pay for some ads in my face while watching a show
i love hulu. i don't care about the ads at all. it has much better shows than netflix. netflix doesn't have anything to my liking.
you are supposed to pay subscription fees and suffer all those ads. if ads are shown, this should be completely free, i do not want to py for commercials _
for a monthly fee it has way too many ads, not to mention that i have full service with 4g lte and it still has to stop to buffer, repeatedly. but i'll be damned if the ads all play perfectly no matter what. on a positive note it has a great selection.
very cheap 1 week trial, not enough time to get to know the app. netflix and amazon prime are 100 times better than this app. monthly fee but it still has ads. not worth the time or the money.
i pay for ad free still get ads the sound go's out then show freez cant even get thew 5min of a show not just on my phone but my smart tv my playstation wii u was good at one time now it just a pain in the a_ not worth any money netflix dont have half the shows but at least it works hell even crackel works better you are ripping people off by not providing the service you advertise read the reviews seem most people having same problem
i pay for ad free still get ads the sound go's out then show freez cant even get thew 5min of a show not just on my phone but my smart tv my playstation wii u was good at one time now it just a pain in the a_ not worth any money netflix dont have half the shows but at least it works hell even crackel works better you are ripping people off by not providing the service you advertise read the reviews seem most people having same problem
it buffers a lot .but it's a good app. it has so many advertisements
nothing free about it_ should have known, but why do false advertising_
don't mind the ads.. 8 dollars is not allot for current shows. netflix is like 80_ garbage shows.
i hate ads,and i'm not gonna pay more just for no ads.i don't care how good thier anime selection is.
this has entirely to many ads but it has new seasons of show an new movies before netflix.
i live for this app it's everything a binge watcher dreams. they have so much more than netflix and if you get it without ads it's amazing. come on 3 or 4 extra dollars isn't going to hurt anyone. they have all my favorite shows and movies that netflix gets rid of. hands down the best_
too much ads
ads. for a payed service. let's get cable_ _. _
i love hulu don't get me wrong. i've been a customer for many years. but the ads have gotten ridiculous. back when it first started there was 1 between breaks in the show. now there are 3_. before you were given the option of watching one long ad in the beginning for no interruptions during the show. now it's commercial after commercial. one of the main reasons why we don't have cable in our house.
great job having no ads during the shows
the ads play flawlessly, but somehow it never fails that something will be wrong with the stream and stop playing during the show. conveniently, the app starts off from the ad upon trying to restart the stream and maybe the show will start back up, but what's certain is the ads will once again play without an issue. i will probably cancel my sub and stick to netflix.
love this app, only a few dollars more a month to get ad free
love that it has sou....loading................th park ad free final....loading....................................ly but this is the only video app on m......loading...........................y phone that has constant buffering on my chromeca........._this review won't load._
i'm rating 3 stars because there's quite a lot of ads too be paying a monthly fee for it
hulu keeps freezing on my phone please help me fix this other then that i love hulu and the no ads option
i like it but the awesome movies u can keep on watching them as many times as u want and the thing is that i hate the ads
this is horrible to many ads
premium version is far more superior than netflix. ad free, and only a couple dollars more than netflix.
okay_ just way to many ads_commercials. it seems like i'm watching nothing but ads and commercials, almost no point using it if it don't change soon. its like watching a movie of ads etc... if there needs to be ads etc.. then only one or two in the middle but no longer then a minute or two. that's not counting the 30 second one in the beginning of the show. my whole family and friends agree_
i really like hulu. i feel like almost all my favorite shows are on here. the downside about it is the ads. but i still give this a 5 out of 5
to remove ads jez
hulu has a much wider selection of shows and movies and is in my opinion better although there are alot of ads
hulu gives us the newist episodes of some of of the best shows on tv. it's bassicly cable on damand with ads. you shouldn't patronize hulu for having ads _p
could get 5 stars if you removed all the ads, especially considering the fact i pay a monthly tax to use your service. also you dont have the complete seasons of some shows that have already aired.
app is useless. ads constantly buffering and never load, which prevents videos from playing. i don't have this problem on any other video streaming service.
still_ why hulu_ first you false advertise... then you say you have to pay extra for no advertisements.... _
i hate hulu..constant commercials. doesn't stream 75 percent of the time.they also lie..when i signed up they said it was a matter of time and they would get rid of ads.obvious a lie.i read the greedy ceo said he didn't want to leave money on the table..let's all cancel and make hulu bankrupt.. i'm starting an online group to boycott the company
it skips all the time. the commercials are so bad i dont know what the  ad is even for. the show works pretty good on my phone but my computer xbox and smart tv skip on hulu. no problems with netflix... so i guess hulu just sucks.
ads come on like every five minutes but other than that it a pretty to cool app.
i've had netflix before getting hulu, but decided to try it out anyways. i am very disappointed for a number of reasons. first and foremost, being able to have only one device watching something at one time makes hulu  close to worthless for families, unless you're willing to spend tons of money on multiple subscriptions and have 4 different accounts. second, the amount of ads are a bit ridiculous. netflix has no ads, and just as many shows. extremely disappointed at how expensive and useless hulu is.
mine took a long time downloading and it kinda stressed me out because when i downloaded netflix, it was quick but when i use it other times,its good,i just don't like the ads and especially when i am watching a good movie or show,and the last thing is how it is always buffering,even if there is good wi_fi_
very convenient and has a big selection of shows with much variety . only downside in my opinion is the ads _
pretty good free shows and no ads on moves with description i don't like how expensive the ad less subscription is though
how is that if an ad or app say it's free_ we have to still pay for_
i would rate higher if it weren't for all the ads.  i pay for hulu monthly _ have no complaints other than that.
so i get no ads with netflix but with hulu i get ads_ i pay for both so what are the ads for don't they make enough money off my subscription
you pay for the ad version which is nuts. it's not like an ad or two either, they're more frequent than television and the same commercials play over and over. also only one person can use it at a time which is a big deal for me. hulu has better titles than netflix, but not enough to warrant the downsides imo.
the app as to many ads and you have to pay a monthly fee.
just to many ads
to much advertising
seems there are more ads since the pay extra for no ads started. also hate that they take away random episodes.
to many ads though other then that worth it and hd quality too.
too many ads why pay more for ad free and why remove the first couple of season from some shows
too many ads and also the free episode category should be bigger. i know that can be solved by buying premium or whatever but not everyone can afford to pay such a monthly fee. so i'm not saying to remove all ads and stuff, but just make it....less_
need to have it free like you state. this is false advertisement. and you need to correct this. let us know up front. credit card required.
this has ads, so why am i paying for_ i'm paying for to watch ads_ don't you guys get money from ads and plus you make money from your subscribe people,  so you guys get a lot of money,  netlfix is my choice, i left it bc i thought hulu was better but i was so wrong
...cancel commercials. netflix has better programming plus no commercials_ the better programming is my opinion. but the commercials part is a fact. seems to be worse. constantly asking which ads i want. just show them, ffs , and move on.
some people are so stupid hulu has 10 times the shows netflix does go cry about ads somewhere else
even though it has a lot of ads, it beats paying a lot of money for comcast and at_t.
how many more dollars per month do you pay to not watch any ads_ the actual content plays just fine,but the ads are all hurky_jerky. if the ads played as well as the actual content, i'd be ok paying less and watching the ads. but since the ads can't seem to work properly, i think i'll just cancel my trial and find another service.
will play ads, but can't load the shows...so have to do a hard reboot to chromecast.
im giving a five for having my favorite shows but the ads are annoying me reallly bad take them out or shorten them
it is a good app but the ads i hate other than that it is a good app
i love the ads i don't care about its awesome
at least 12 ads per episode. 30 seconds each
netflix is way better because the stupid ads every five seconds on hulu
yea it has ads but you get what you pay for you can pay higher for no ads _ i have netflix _ hulu plus netflix is life _ fw hulu but they both have different stuff i need like hulu has empire netflix doesn't _ i think hulu gets seasons faster then netflix
you don't charge a monthly fee and shower viewers in ads. terrible business model
too many ads
it will load the ads just fine and then fail on the actual show. netfix works fine.
i have tried the on my blue ray player the computer and the wii. it's doesn't work on any of them. it crashes constantly on the blue ray player. on the computer you are good for only watching one show. after the first show it will continually keep buffering and freezing while playing either the show or when you get to the ads. i am trying to watch a show now and in 4 minutes it has buffered 6 times. i tried to skip part i have seen and it jumped to the ad and played the show over the ad while the ad played.
take out the ads please, and some of them take a long time i just wanna enjoy my show.
does not work well with chromecast. constantly freezes up after ads. only remedy is to restart phone and unplug chromecast from tv. major pain. cancelling tomorrow. have amazon prime and netflix with no issues.
this app has alot of ads and alot bugs needs fixes to it
the ads on hulu is too intensive. so many.
oh boy i can watch ads on my tablet and then buffering leads to error message cancelled account and deleted one star because i can't give minus
i like this app the ads are a bit much. two ads i can deal with but it's like 5 or more ads doing toooo much. please cut the ads to a minimum.
so not only must you subscribe to see episodes of currently running shows you may have missed _and you only get the last 5 that aired so if you missed one from earlier in the season you're sol_, but you also have to watch ads as well_ huge fail.
lots of good shows to choose from and a lot of new seasons to watch but where is the rest of the season_ i pay the subscription ad free and i can't watch it ad free if you don't add the rest of the season. currently on the market for a better app and canceling this subscription.
this app as most show to current seasons as where netflix dose not mostly and you can get it without ads aswell
a lot of the time, after an ad, hulu will freeze up the chromecast and the only way to resolve the issue is to unplug the chromecast from power and try again. of course you must continue to watch the commercials.
to many ads
app is a million times better with ad free option well worth it. keep up the work. i left hulu a couple years ago due to ads. i'm not paying for ads now i don't feel ripped off paying for no ads.
lots of ads but great full shows and you have to keep on top of it if you don't they might delete the show you were on like the snap of a finger. lots of shows._
do you love watching ads_ well hulu now had the option for you to pay so you can watch ads about paying hulu more money. in case those ads on your free version wasn't enough. guess i'm back to netflix_
to many ads tho
all hulu will do for me is show me ads and give me errors. the shows almost never work. i can't believe i've been paying for this. netflix is so much better.
it's hit or miss trying to use this app with chromecast. sometimes, it works great. too often, though, the playback freezes after an ad, and the only way to get it working again is to completely reset chromecast.
im paying every month im trying to figure out why so many ads
too. many. ads.
i have the version without ads which is nice. this app would be much better if the videos didn't always freeze and start buffering. i have no problems with netflix or prime video, only hulu doing this.
for something i pay for i hate the ads. will stop and pay for netflix instead after this month
it almost never successfully returns from an ad on chromecast. you end up having to reset the chromecast each time. internet connecting 80 mbps, netflix and hbogo work just fine on the chromecast, the only common aspect of the failure is the hulu app
way too many ads for something i'm paying for.
i paid for no ads, and the first sites i pulled up, didn't have the early season episodes, and i got advertisements.  was former subscriber, thought i'd give it another chance.  way to go hulu. you blew it right out the gate.
i paid for no ads, and the first sites i pulled up, didn't have the early season episodes, and i got advertisements.  was former subscriber, thought i'd give it another chance.  way to go hulu. you blew it right out the gate.
when i play it on my playstation the ads are always a black screen with just the sound. when i play it on my phone its all static with just the sound. never loads correctly. its so annoying. i wanna pay for the upgraded version but its not worth it because it doesn't work half the time. meanwhile netflix works perfectly
the ads are horrible
way too many ads for that i could just watch my shows on tv the commercials are just as long
too many ads. used to like hulu, but seems like they keeps adding more ads to push people to pay more for the ad free membership. rather just go back to cable and get a dvr
i love that i can catch up on my shows..don't mind the 90 seconds of ads....then i can pee_ lol
netflix is so much better. _8 a month and no ads.
more ads than ever not really wroth downloading unless you have a lot of patience very irritating
commercials are fine. but the ads will only said buffering and no shows will show. unistall the app and download it again 2 times it still the same thing.  fix this hulu its just so frustrating to wait to load the show when your paing for it. and no, its not my cell phone provider or my signal.
ads or no ads, i love this app. _d
everyone complains about the ad but a lot of shows are up to date and you can watch the latest... netflix waits until a new season starts..
take off the ads
i love having no ads
i love hulu, but i'm more inclined to watch it on my computer rather than my mobile device because of the annoying loading times. i watch netflix just fine, but hulu's ads cause too many little breaks in the streaming.
hulu has way better shows than netflix....i don't i like the ads but i still like hulu
hulu used to be just a few ads here and there but now a days it's just as bad as watching normal tv_
i'm paying a monthly subscription that cost more then netflix and i'm forced to watch 9 different ads for each episode of anime_.. as soon as i'm done watching these 11 episodes, hulu can go to hell and i won't be back. these ads are costing me more data then the episode itself. netflix is cheaper with 0 ads and has an even wider selection.
why the hell are there 3 ads now_like seriously if your already paying a monthly fee why even have ads to begin with
it has all my favorite shows but the ads take to long its like they want us to buy it
too many ads
if there were less ads like before it would be great, but there are way too many ads not worth paying extra to get them taken out when we can just watch whatever on netflix.
ever since gen 2 chromecast came out ur shows have been pretty consistently crashing on the gen 1s. most of the time it's when switching from ads to the show. it is not my network since netflix gives me no problems as well as other tests iv done. ur tech support has not been able to do anything for me also.
people complain about the ads, pay _11.99 and get it ad free. all the shows i could watch on cable_ satellite i watch on hulu. the shows may come on hulu a day after they do on tv but its still up to date shows. kudos to hulu. best streaming service
it is fine cause their is why too many ads
ad free_
hate the ads but otherwise it is good
casting to my chromecast almost never works. it either stops after an ad and says _loading_ or it says _this video won't load_ rebooting the chromecast doesn't work. factory resetting the chromecast doesn't work. clearing cache, force closing and clearing data does not work. also it just sits on buffering when i'm trying to watch on my phone. fix these issues hulu. otherwise you're losing a customer.
if u have the whole version of hulu there is no ads and costs just about the same as netflix but with the ads hulu is a little cheaper
if you love new episodes from tv, hulu is the best place to get them. anyone who says netflix is better is crazy_ the ad kind of suck, i jus pay the extra money tho...but still better than watching ancient tv shows on netflix... could step up their movies though....
too many people are complaining about _paying for ads_ and that they could just use netflix. well do you pay for cable and get away with no commercials_ no. also hulu provides a lot more current episodes than netflix. i imagine that's why you pay and still have ads. for those of us who don't pay for cable, that's a good deal considering we would have to wait ages for netflix to update.
to much buffing, _ ads. think i'll stick to netflix.
lots of shows and movies to watch. with the _12 plan there's no ads too. you get new episodes the day after they air.
several shows require a cabletv account to unlock and watch . to pay for advertising and cable...
never knew i needed this app in conjunction with my netflix. it's the perfect combination to have. i pay for the _ad free_ version. it's hardly a there are exceptions_ however, it's hardly a bother. not even worth mentioning, in my case. the ads on shield, for example, are super short and total is two at most. works great with my og chromecast.
even when you pay, they only reduce the ads slightly _  very limited selection on the free version.
you have to pay almost double to remove the ads. this is just sad. _
hulu is geared more towards television and netflix is geared toward movies. be honest nothing in this world is really free ppl. still pay for power to use sed devices and either a phone plan or wi_fi right_ u might get ads with hulu but it at least has stuff u can actually watch just by downloading it unlike netflix which makes u pay right off the bat even though u get a month free ewe ah. don't want ads or commercials pay the same price for hulu as u do for netflix.
great but to many ads
same issue as everyone else. i don't even pay for the ad free version.
even at the increased price certain shows still play ads.  netflix is now cheaper and i've never seen an ad there.  back to the torrents i go.  i tried to be legit. also,  the app won't stream on most wifi networks,  only my home network.
after starting ad it doesnt load please fix
my favorite thing is when i watch the ads and then playback fails and then i have to watch the ads all over again.
it isn't ad free as  much as i pay it should be
the ads load great, but the shows freeze.
ads suk   netflix is better
latest update for the chromecast locks up after one commercial. i find that i have to reboot the device in order for it to resume. this is annoying when there are 4 scheduled ad breaks with 2 or more in a single show. i have been a long time subscriber and this is beyond disappointing.
can't watch anything, everything has an ad in the beginning  that never buffers.
ok, first of all, it buffers way to much. i can't get through anything i watch without it buffering. also, why do people who pay for hulu plus have to watch ads_ aren't the ads supposed to be for the people who use the free version of this app_ netflix is cheaper than this and they get plenty enough money to run their company. it's a rip off. this app is horrible_ why is it that whenever it buffers the sound shuts off_ do you care about your customers or not_ fix asap or i'm deleting
what's up hulu_ been watching on my lg phone all week then today the shows start but stop after first 15 sec an never loads even after resetting my phone i paid extra for no ads now it doesn't work at all. might as well stop paying for it if i can't use it
ads and commercials play flawlessly. get to the show 1 second of audio, then it cuts out never returning. wish you put as much effort in making your videos play as good as the commercials and ads.
my review was 3 stars until i started using it from my tablet again. nothing streams correctly and after the first ads _post opening credits_ show often restarts or rewinds to before the crefits.   customer service is useless never gives me a straight answer and tells me to do updates to my  router firmware and i keep explaining that this happens everywhere i try to use the app not just at home. don't waste your time or money.
who ads
while hulu has ads it has a pretty good collection.  however that's were it kills the mood. while one ad talks about a _showhole_ hulu has yet to update alot of shows currently in their lists. archer and american dad to name a few. from there to those who watch anime your going to miss alot of episodes in many seeing as how 99.9_ are subbed and  nt fully dubbed which is a pretty huge annoyance. the recent is the constant need to buffer itself. it seems reguardless were sinking into a showhole.
it has been a while and lasted a couple updates... once in a while, it can't resume to video after showing the ads. it stuck at the black loading screen. nothing works. not disconnecting hulu, not connecting other apps, can't soft reboot chromecast via the chromecast app... have to power off chromecast and back on to have it _fixed_. the frequency of this happening varies, but frequent enough to be too annoying
like everyone else, it plays the bumper and_or the first ad but then is stuck buffering the actual content
way to many ads all my friends think so too_ wheres the recommendations_
this app freezes up a whole lot. i have uninstalled and reinstalled. will see if that helps. paying _7.99 a month is bad enough when it plays so horribly. i would never pay _14.99 a month just to get no commercials. the few ads do not bother me, i just wish it played better. hulu is the worst streaming app ever_ i have never had any problems whatsoever with netflix_
after all of the advertisements i've seen, i decided to give it a try. i literally did my subscription today and after 3 hours of using it, i had to cancel it right away. i'm sorry, but i'll stick to netflix. no one says _hulu and chill_ please go bankrupt.
pay _12for no ads, worth it
ok, first of all, it buffers way to much. i can't get through anything i watch without it buffering. also, why do people who pay for hulu plus have to watch ads_ aren't the ads supposed to be for the people who use the free version of this app_ netflix is cheaper than this and they get plenty enough money to run their company. it's a rip off. this app is horrible_ why is it that whenever it buffers the sound shuts off_ do you care about your customers or not_
this app freezes whenever i try to scrub, it messes with my chromecast so i constantly have to force stop to get this and other apps to work with chromecast, it forces me to watch the same group of ads multiple times within the same video if i scrub and often freezes during ads. even if the ads only play one time through, they are not diverse per video and it drives me nuts. the ui is often confusing and lacks parody with website, so i can't do basic things like manage my show subscription options.
the screen is absolutely filled with very colorful static. i tried different shows, but it's the same with every show. the overlays are still there and visible and the ads play perfectly, which the irony cracks me up. perfect audio. i just can't watch anything. i cleared the cache and even reinstalled the program, but to no avail. please help.
this is a add on to my last ratings of this crap its still buffering have restart movies or shows doesn'thad to revise my first review because now hulu plus went from _ i can watch aleast 4 movies before the buffering starts on my galaxy note 2_ and this was on 5_10_13. but now i can't even start a show or any movies it get to the ads and just stops and goes back to the main menu. whats up with this all of a sudden. time to give up this subscription.... netflix and even crackle works better lol this is poor
but there are ads through the whole movie. even in the paid version. who wants to pay to watch ads_ not i...
in early november, something changed with hulu's ad servers.  my chromecast will frequently lock up when switching from an ad back to the program. programs with no ads _i.e. children's shows_ do not have this problem _ only those with commercials.  others with chromecast are having the same problem, so the problem is definitely on hulu's end. multiple emails back and forth with hulu support haven't solved the problem. i'm getting the runaround, being asked to clear cache and uninstall_reinstall the hulu app. chromecasts pull hulu content independently from the casting device so the support staff's script is not offering helpful solutions. escalate this problem already_
after over a week of thinking of chromecast was failing i finally got it working again. over a week has gone by running perfect as it had previously when using other video streaming apps _nhl and netflix_. first show i try to watch with hulu causes a total crash of my chromecast after an ad plays, and never stops loading.
when it stays buffering and says try lower quality or something like that,press learn more on the top right of the screen.itl take u online and press back on your phone and it should play the ad.not a total fix but at least u can watch the shows until they fix the app.
yassss but how do you take off the ads
i just downloaded the app. as i was ready to watch my first show right after the ad starts buffering and then tells me i need a lower quality... i mean there are only to plans_ i'm confused_
pay monthly subscription still ton of ads
we have the no ads subscription_ we love it.
i don't mind the ads, i don't mind the buffer, but when ads buffer, i suffer.
i pay for the ad free _ love it_ cable plus internet in our area is over _200 _ i refuse to pay it. so, we spent about _40 on an antenna for all of the channels we can get right from the airwaves _ then use hulu _ netflix for current tv _ movies. we don't need a dvr because if we miss the show hulu has all the current episodes from all the big networks, except cbs. we make sure to watch those shows live.
ad's are stupid loud_ and the actual show is silent_ soooo irritating
never makes it past the ads when chromecasting, constant source of headache
use to love hulu even though i have cable because less commercials than regular tv but now that you charge for ad free your going to up the ads i watch on my regular subscription_ canceled and uninstalled_
ok, first of all, it buffers way to much. i can't get through anything i watch without it buffering. also, why do people who pay for hulu plus have to watch ads_ aren't the ads supposed to make up for not getting payed from customers_ it's a rip off.
unfortunately this app does not fully support miracast. the ads play great but once the show starts the feed cuts from the screen and shows a copyright symbol. it's a shame. hopefully netflix does not adopt the practice. terming my hulu account tonight.
the playback is okay, although it buffers during the ads. i like the service and the layout of the app. the issue with it is it hangs in my notifications drop down even after i'm done using it and it can't be force closed or swiped away unless i reboot my phone.
so many ads now.
the buffer message is an issue but all u hv to do is exit the video and resume it works fine after that...just sucks u may hv to watch ads over but paying 12.99 for no commercials is a rip off_ especially when u dont hv commercials on netflix period.
if i pause on galaxy tab 3 for too long or stop playback, i can't  resume play and am not able to skip ahead in the episode.  very annoying for an ad free subscriber.  fix or will cancel sub.   looking at other comments, it appears theory is no support.  thanks for nothing. pro me wrong_
new problem, commercials freeze chromecast and hulu app. too many ad breaks, too many repeating ads, and why do you not have full seasons_ why are there missing episodes_ and last. why do you not have new episodes_
always buffering only plays ads without a problem. i should just cancel my account with hulu.
the first round of advertisements play okay. when the second round of advertisements come in the show it crashes the chromecast every single time. i have to reboot the chromecast in order to fix the issue. my hardware is functioning correctly as i am able to stream with other applications with no issues
i love the selection on hulu but i hate the ads
has alot of ad's
why haven't you updated to fix this yet_ haven't been able to use my hulu for weeks_ will play the ad sometimes but won't ever load the show. please fix i don't want to cancel my subscription but i am not going to pay for something i can't use
could be my phone but even on medium quality i can't watch anything without constantly freezing to buffer even with full 4glte. and why so many ads. i mean i'm paying monthly for this and there are like 2_3 and sometimes 4 ads every five minutes. i'm sure it costs you guys more money for better shows and movies that are on ad free netflix but there is no way that playing this many ads is necessary. making a profit is more important then me having a different opinion i guess. maybe i'm wrong. dk
for some reason the ads skip endlessly, a 30 sec ad will take twice that time.
app would get a higher rating but it has constant streaming issues.  it's not the network as netflix, or any other services don't constantly buffer.  watching a 30 minute show ad free is a thing of the past as ads have been replaced by constant buffering.  please fix this issue asap.
crackle i can understand having ads. they're free. i pay for hulu. not as much as netflix and they have zero commercials so when hulu freezes or won't play a title after the five commercials, i get kind of annoyed.
huh. ...ugh. .where is the blacklist_ how do you have the player but not blacklist. same channel same producer, same day. i'm confused. the rating would be higher but it's so many shows missing. i don't mind the ads.
i'm connected to wifi so i know i'm getting enough internet for hulu to work properly but instead it's buffering to much and my payment comes out of my account on time month after month to be experiencing these type of problems. hulu network corporation, please value me as as one of your faithful paying customer and fix this problem quickly and stop being greedy by making us pay extra for ad free, that's probably why we are experiencing these issue because it buffers the most during ads.
it occurred to me that, whether intended or not,  not responding to this known issue, your getting paid for your ads. how convenient it crashes during ads. i have to keep reloading the app, it will play the last 2 seconds before the commercial then get stuck after a couple of ads, over and over and over. i cant finish episode and have to wait until next day even after playing the same crash point at an ad 10_15 times. i bet if i subscribe to the higher commercial free tier, i wont get these buffering errors. this is a dirty trick if you guys are taking advantage of this _glitch_.
totally worth a little extra money for no commercials or ads. good movies and shows
on broadband this app freezes.....oh but wait it will load all 5 of the ads and then fails to return to the program you are watching. what have you done to this app_ fix it.  have to unplug the chromecast after hulu makes it freeze. called customer support and they were no help. please fix this craptastic app.
the dang ads play uncut but can't watch a show for nothing
as others have stated it will play the ads just fine but none of the shows. nothing like paying for commercials. hulu used to be respectable. that was a millennia ago now.
i've been using hulu for quite a while now. told friends i liked this better than netflix. i'm realizing the increase in the number and duration of ads. it went from 2 ad breaks to about 5 now. i realize it's business, but please make it so loyal users, like myself, can experience less ads.
this app on any platform is crap, be it a smart tv, gaming console, chromecast, etc. the constant loading_buffering just to inch along in a show or the never_ending loading, where an ad plays then loads to cut back to the show except the loading never stops and u have to unplug the chromecast bc pressing any control to fix it is unreponsive, is absolutely ridiculous. yet u get paid every mo on time for this garbage...and i still have to endure commercials. i don't have this issue w any other streaming app_
same ad others listed here.
now that i have ad free it works sometimes but everytime a new episode comes it just stops out of no where i love hulu for my anime and all up to date works. but come on hulu when you had commericals it was working perfectly but now ad free its starting to slack dramatically
keeps quitting my video and resetting to beginning randomly. won't save my place anymore. also, seems to think i live in tennessee and gives me ads specific to that location. finally, ad images never sync up with sound, meaning i get to watch an extra 10 seconds if ad each time with no sound at all. only does that on ads, not shows.  edit 11_30_15. now my shows don't sync up with sound either.
i'm paying for hulu not the ads. i've only seen the limited ads not the no ads of my subscription... going back to netflix..
i once gave this app a bad review and i didn't think it could get worse but to my surprise it did. not only does it buffer til the end of time, it keeps freezing and then loses sound. oh and after that it rewinds a few seconds and goes back to ads. sometimes i spend minutes just watching ads. so am i paying to watch shows or ads_ i'm getting seriously tired of this.
casting to my chromecast almost never works. it either stops after an ad and says _loading_ or it says _this video won't load_ rebooting the chromecast doesn't work. factory resetting the chromecast doesn't work. clearing cache, force closing and clearing data does not work. also it just sits on buffering when i'm trying to watch on my phone. fix these issues hulu. otherwise you're losing a customer.
i pay for ad free hulu and i too am still having issues with shows getting stuck on the buffering screen_ i can't afford to keep up the _12 a month just to watch the same shows with ads from different apps because hulu can't get it together...
it's just the ads
seems like hulu might be trying to push it's ad free subscription by making ads buffer shame on u hulu
random popup. if you dirty advertizer is in ny lmk i will deal with them personally.
extended description's first word was free. installed. asked to pay or log in. uninstalled. gave 1 star review_ in that order. find it, fix it, or cut out the deceptive advertising. thanks much.
so many ads it's stupid because we pay 8_ a month to have half our show be ads
grant it, this app is on point with uploading new episodes 24 hrs after being shown of tv compared to months or years on netflix, but it's so not worth it. i rather just miss the show. i have no problems with the ads. this app buffers entirely too much. if i pause or rewind even for one second, it freezes. it literally took 3_42 seconds for it to go to the home page after logging in. it took an additional 3_17 to load the search page and a good minute to play an episode. takes forever. not worth it at all
it buffers way too much i have high speed internet and it still freezes up loading all the time i have not been to get pass the 1st set of ads which i don't understand why its so many when we are paying for the service..smh i have yet to be able to watch episode of anything cause its freezing doing the ads before the show even comes on
one way to make this better is to make the ads_for those who pay_ shorter. so if you have the free version the ads should be 30 seconds long. but if you're paying for hulu then then ads should be 15 seconds long. add that in and i'll give 5 stars_
works good, but adds are ridiculous. shouldn't have to pay and have ads
needs better chromecast support. if all crashes and i resume i shouldn't have to rewatch the ads again_
the streaming keeps buffering and after the ads a lot of times just drops. they need to figure out what netflix is doing right.
me and a few other offered a higher plan with no ads and now we have one. u will change the stars as soon as its confirmed that the hulu app hasn't suffered due to this change
its only free to ad the app but you have to pay for yhe service everymonth to use it to watch anything
it has high quality graphics even when set to the lower quality settings and has lots to choose from. not too many ads, just takes a while to buffer, particularly when resuming a recently watched video.
ads are the only thing that works_
all my favorites tv shows_ the bad thing is buffering even i pay for no ads
okay so i pay to not have any commercials but i'm getting a commercial at the end of whatever episode i watch. why are you false advertising.
this use to be great but since i can no longer watch anything after the ad. it says playback has a problem. but netflix works great. so maybe it's time hulu went bye bye.
they need a huge fix.  i love my hulu on my ps3, but running it on my smart phone isn't so fun. i can't back out of the video while its playing. i'm stuck. which means i can't back up if its an episode i've already seen. plus i have twice as many ads on my phone as i do on my ps3. come on, i know u would love for everyone to go to the commercial free _11.99 a month deal, but that's a little too high to pay when we already have to pay for internet services and mobile data. if it were _9.99 i would be ok. please make it so we can back up from a video please.
don't advertise on here as free when you aren't . first thing it wants you to do is pay for it
i pay for ad free hulu and i too am still having issues with shows getting stuck on the buffering screen_ i can't afford to keep up the _15 a month just to watch the same shows with ads from different apps because hulu can't get it together...
yes commercials help advertise but as of know i would prefer netflix just because i can watch it all commercial free, i come on an app like this to watch shows freely but when i have a commercial interrupting it every ten minutes i kinda makes wanna delete it and remove my subscribtion. the only reason i'm still here the is because netflix doesn't offer a big selection on tv series, that would be the only good thing to say is that hulu has on amazing option on tv series
you were a five in my mind and on here now you're a two. update will let ad play and then scramble the picture. please fix this problem                                                   7hours later and still waiting for you to fix this problem_
you were a five in my mind and on here now you're a two. update will let ad play and then scramble the picture. please fix this problem
app used to work great until latest update. i have full bar wifi reception and it says buffering non stop. first commercial plays like a dream obviously because ads always work just fine. then the show starts and it just buffers.
i pay for ad free hulu plus and on my htc one android it always says buffering..... that is, unless it's a show with a commercial like once upon a time... a few weeks ago i  was able to watch most of my shows, now all of them say buffering try a lower quality. please fix this as i watch most shows on my phone and i don't want to pay for something i can't use_
false advertisement_ _just enter your _7.99 or _11. 99 plan here to start your free trial_ _ bulls hit _ _
works alright on my ps3 it blacks out and you just hear the show or commercial but dont see the picture. then you have to exit out and press continue then go thru 2 ads but you see the picture again. it does this like every episode or every 4 commercial breaks. on my phone it just buffers tells me to use a lower quality then it continues buffering. im sure the problem is not my wifi connection.
please take the ads away _
whenever an ad plays, it crashes and says _unfortunately hulu has stopped_. i can't watch it on the website either since it just wants me to use the app.
i hate hulu cause they have ads for 190 seconds
rampant streaming issues are just as bad for those of us paying for _ad free_ version. also paid for showtime only to have to watch ads. if i wanted to be lied to i'd get cable. canceling my service won't make up for the _ you've already taken but a charge back through my cc for failure to provide services as described_promised would be very gratifying. _i encourage others to do the same_ or maybe just fix this dumpster fire of an update and actually remove ads for your ad free _paying_ customers.
tried using it this morning and while the ads load just fine, whenever any shows start to play i just get a screen of static. sound works just fine, but what's the point if i can't actually watch anything_
hulu charges you _7.99 a month and displays ads just to provide the ability to watch it on any device other than your computer. you would think they would have chromecast all figured out by now. sadly, this is the only app on my chromecast that hangs consistently. i've tried all your tips and tricks in the help page...now i'm just frustrated... get it together people_
error 99. won't star video but ad works
this app freezes up a whole lot. i have uninstalled and reinstalled. will see if that helps. paying _7.99 a month is bad enough when it plays so horribly. i would never pay _14.99 a month just to get no commercials. the few ads do not bother me, i just wish it played better.
worked great on my asus memo pad until updated. now the opening ad plays then when show starts it goes to _snowy_ pixeled screen. sound still plays. old hulu version works great on my phone. no problems with netflix, crackle, or youtube playback.
if there was no ads it would get a 5 stars and i might keep it y do i have to pay for it and comes with ad that sucks
won't play video, just hangs after ads play. tried reinstall, cache clear, etc. app is now broken and my subscription is useless.
just get ad free you cheapskate
if it didn't have ads it would be a 5 star app
it does play hulu as advertised but has been having issues lately with chromecast. plays until a commercial then stops _looks like buffering but doesn't always come back_. i have had to reboot the chromecast to get anything to play again.
it keeps buffering on ads but not on the show.  this is frustrating having to sit through the ads that barely plays longer than i need to_
so i go on hulu to watch some shows as i click on the one i want to watch the 30 sec advertisement plays after its over my show won't even play it just says buffering i tried uninstalling it and it still doesn't work please tell me this isn't just an issue for me this has been going on for a week i am not paying 8.99 a month to see ads only if i did i would go on youtube please fix before i cancel i subscription hulu
so i go on hulu to watch some shows as i click on the one i want to watch the 30 sec advertisement plays after its over my show won't even play it just says buffering i tried uninstalling it and it still doesn't work please tell me this isn't just an issue for me this has been going on for a week i am not paying 8.99 a month to see ads only if i did i would go on youtube please fix before i cancel i subscription hulu
you pay for this service and still have way too many ads. do not pay for this service.
app keeps forced closing every time it's time for an ad to load. will sometimes load the first ad but fails to load the second one.
ads aren't showing up and videos aren't playing. it keeps saying the playback function isn't working.
too many ads to even advertise that there may be no ads in your experience.
too many ads to even advertise that there may be no ads in your experience.
to many ads
it used to work great, but about a week ago it started  to play the video in large jumbled rectangles in black and white sometimes it works but most of the time it does not, the funny thing is ads still play great. temporary fix seems to be restarting the device. i have a samsung tab 3 android version 4.4.2 and model number sm_t217s.
i gave a 2 star because there were so many ads like a year ago and recommended this
i get thru the first commercial ad thing and then it's just a buffering screen....i lowered the quality and everything nothing has changed the blank screen result...i'm beyond frustrated tbh cause i'm basicaly paying for ads and a blank screen...
hulu pls. it loads ads perfectly but suprisingly has to buffer videos.
i don't know what has happened but all i see is a green screen with lagging bits, but the sound works fine, so it isn't my device. ads work just fine but can't watch anything after them.
dear hulu, fix your darn app_  constant crashes, especially when loading ads, made worse by being forced to watch up to 4 ads per commercial break, and when any one of them causes a crash _which it does about 90_ of the time_, you have to literally start all over again.  the app in its current state is practically unusable. if you really really try hard, maybe, just maybe you'll get lucky where it'll get through the ads long enough to get through 10 minutes of a show without problems, by then by the time you get to the next commercial break, the cycle begins.  it's extremely frustrating.
that's the stupid message that pops up every time i try to watch something on my hulu app. it says i'm not connected to a network even though i am through wifi or 4g. so i guess i'm paying for a service that doesn't work now and isn't even ad free. good job hulu developers_ you've found a way to bleed bank accounts and not do any work for it_ wish i could rate zero stars then burn down the department that manages the apps.  oh and by the way, this review was sent from the mobile that the app doesn't work on
makes you watch the ad then closes i am a paid subscriber this is unexeptable .
upgraded to no ads....best thing you could have ever done _
you start promoting your no ads plan and all of a sudden i get more ads and they skip thru every time.  i don't pay monthly to watch commercials that stream like youtube on a 56k modem.  adjust yourself hulu_
it won't load the ads so i can finish my show. if you haven't already paid for it, don't_ this is my last month_ worst app ever_
with wifi and lte, video on the hulu app is terrible. ads load just fine though.
use to be all free now its false advertising
its ok, i just get annoyed with the nonstop ads
why do i have to pay for ads
why does it stream shows in such a low quality_ it's bad enough i'm barbarded by ads. there's a reason we pay monthly and it's not being met. also no shows play. sweet.
convenient i can watch all my shows from anything, don't mind the ads but on certain devices like my wii u the ads glitch and freeze the service.... also for mobile it would be nice to have a high detail resolution for phones that support it, there's no reason why my psvita can render full hd better than my smart phone...
there are way to many ads and i already have to pay for the app...
even with 4glte and on the lowest quality setting, it won't even play the show. it stops just before the show starts, brings up an ad and starts buffering. after about 30 seconds it says _try a lower quality_. thanks for the bad app_
what's going on_ the ads play then your show starts but no video but you can hear it_come on hulu...please fix this
i am so angry about this, my head is spinning. when it takes a break for advertisements, and is about to resume the show, the app shuts down, and then resumes with a new set of advertisements. sometimes i sit through more commercials than i would if i were watching this on the syfy channel. you guys need to make some adjustments, or you will lose my business_
sooooooo worth it for me to not worry about anything planned. just live life and my down time i can watch anything i want. any where i want. hd is nice. get the ad free subscription. nice.
only plays couple seconds to a min then needs to reload. only plays ads without reloads_ i should have never subscribed_ waste of money_
i started to think it was my phone but when i went on youtube my speakers were perfectly fine. after the ad the first few seconds of the show i am watching plays then the sound just goes out. i have no idea why it is doing this but it is very frustrating because i want to be able to watch the show i watch without annoyances. the ads between watching a show is already enough now the sound goes out_ this needs to be fixed asap please
if it wasn't for being able to watch new episodes of my favorite show i'd without a doubt cancel my hulu subscription, again. way too many ads, constant buffering _and no it's not my internet_ and half the time it won't even buffer and it'll say _try a lower quality_ but that doesn't work either. i find myself avoiding watching my show because i don't want to deal with all the crap hulu throws at me. please fix this.
first month i gave ad_free a shot, enjoyed it but decided to be budget conscious and stick to ads. after going back to ads, videos freeze immediately after ads play and i never get my videos. this is true on ps3, 360 and mobile. not going to continue paying for this mess come bill time unless it's fixed.
ad supported desktop version isn't available on android
errors when playing videos. poor resolution with good internet connection. have to re_watch ads when video fails to load and you have to relaunch the video.
honestly the worst app i've tried. the load screens are excessive and i tried launching a video. i couldn't even load an ad. hard to be a video app if you can't even watch a single one without crashing.
it won't play some ads so it shuts down.
ever since the update. my ads are mostly a black screen, and will start my program with a black screen also, and my programs freeze constantly_ will sign me out of my ps3 while watching a program, regularly_ keep thinking it's going to be fixed_ when_ at times of signing off it will shut down my ps3 completely. please fix these issues, it drives me crazy that i pay for this service_
useless with 12 million easier ones ....and why would u advertise _ free _ when you are demanding 11.99 a month.    _
if i hate something is advertising. today you pay 80 on cable or satelit tv to watch advertising. i would like to see a movie from the beginning to end without all this. also, i wanna to watch the americans tv drama, wich is not available. canceled subscription for this reasons.
_sorry, an error has occurred while streaming this video. we apologize for the inconvenience._ why am i constantly getting this message while using my chromecast_ it always happens after an ad. none of the other chromecast apps do this.
this company always advertises that it's fresh and updated, however i've been waiting for american horror story, empire,  and scream queens yet there has been no update. as well as once upon the time.
it's nice to be able to watch all the tv shows with out cable but the buffering issues and signal drops are stupid. netflix no problem. hulu lots of problems.  fix this and i'll rate higher.     update.                         changed my rating to 1 because of the continued issues with playback... if hulu would stop reducing playback speeds to drive customers to the ad free version i would upgrade my rating but as it stands why would i want to purchase another product from hulu when their base model stinks.
if we're paying for tv why do we have ads_ netflix_hulu. hate stupid ads. 1 minute, fuqouttahere
f_ update 10_30_15_ the app detects root and refuses to work as long as you have root. if you're just blocking functions just because your users can modify their rom,  you should fire your dev team.  most of your apps across all platforms are unstable and unreliable. update 2_ dev response claims that they don't cripple the app on phones with root.  they're obviously lying.  hulu only streams ads but not content while phone is rooted but as soon as i unroot my phone, the video works again.
cbs shows are old, need to pay for no ads. abc and cw are up to date.
like it. wish no ads though.
i paid for no ads and have google fiber. one episode has to load 3_5 times. is this a joke_
ever since the introduction of the commercial free plan, hulu plus does not work. specifically, it will either endlessly loop the first ad _with a black screen_ or it will give a buffering _ try lowering your quality wait screen. clearing the data and cache doesn't fix the problem. nor does logging out and logging back in or uninstalling and reinstalling. the app is presently broken.
error comes up saying  that it can't play ad.  then the app crashes.  so i'm paying for a service i can't use_  if this isn't fixed soon i'm canceling my subscription.
glad i only did the free trial. 3 days in and i can't see any video content. ads work fine of course but every show_movie loads completely scrambled and can't see anything. no help from the hulu staff.
just says buffering forever. all other shows work fine. only chicago fire and chicago pd just get stuck on the buffering screen no matter the wifi or data connection. i pay for this so please fix it. also, the app continues to disconnect from chromecast halfway through a show _but still plays on the tv_, so i have no way to pause or control the show without restarting from the beginning and being forced to watch more ads. fix please i pay for a working service.
it has started throwing an error when loading ads, after which the video will not play, even if i kill the app or restart my tablet it dies in the same place.
1._ watch anime and pay money and get ads.                                                     2._ watch anime and pay pay even more to not watch ads.                       3._ pay less money then the ad one and get crunchyroll and watch them ad free and watch even more anime  however crunchyroll doesn't have black butler but hulu does.
it buffers at every ad and it takes forever for it to start working again
for some reason i can only watch to the first commercial then it errors out being unable to load the ads. the show works but the ads don't so why can't i watch the show that i'm paying to view_ reinstalling the app doesn't seem to help either.
usually has no problem playing first set of ads then starts to endlessly buffer.  all the support options have done nothing to help it.  time to cancel.
i subscribed to the _ad free_ subscription and guess what. there are some ads in some shows. that's why i canceled the service the 1st time years ago. ui... meh. and some of the shows i watch are not available next day. not even next week. not worth it. at least, not for me.
can't watch anything on the app anymore. the moment i get to an ad, i get an error message and it closes the show. reinstall does nothing. clearing the cache does nothing. if this is a cheap way of getting me to pay for the ad free version, guess again.
good to watch movies and tv shows but they still need to work on the ads. sometimes when ads play it will not play the video unless i put the quality to mid
used to work now the ads aren't loading and i can't watch any shows.
really slow,to many ad's and it wants you to subscribe every five minutes, i mean ,hello i already subscribed _
hulu a rip off false advertising
put credit card info in ad wouldn't take it on free trial what's up with that
app is not working with nexus 7. i keep getting an error with ads. please fix.
when i play a movie_tv show after a ad plays it glitches up and frezze also i am having  problems with netflix too so i am going to download movies_tv shows somewhere else till it is fixed
i am having issues with the app. every time an advertisement pops up i get a black screen and the show never returns.
they should reduce the amount of ads. other than that i like it.
there are so many ads_ i don't like ads, but i don't want to pay a lot of money for no ads.
great except ads
hulu finally offers an ad free option and its worth paying for now.  i'd tried hulu before with the old _7.99 plan and there were so many ads that it made no sense to pay for the service.  if you're paying for a premium service you should see no ads.  glad they finally offer it.
bought an lg smart dvd player and hulu does not play. i choose a tv show and it takes a long time to load and then when it finally begins to play the show, it only plays until the first ad commercial then goes back to loading and stays there. same problem when i start over. i have no problems with hulu on my phone or roku 2.
convenient i can watch all my shows from anything, don't mind the ads but on certain devices like my wii u the ads glitch and freeze the service.... also for mobile it would be nice to have a high detail resolution for phones that support it.
i was already hesistang to get hulu considering you're paying for ads but it worked well for the first month or so but ever since i started actually paying the quality has decreased. constantly skipping and don't even get me started with the buffering. this app is almost useless without a tablet so what's the point
a month ago i had issues with hulu streaming to my tv through chromecast. shows would just constantly load with only 3 to 4 seconds of play time between loading, although ads had no issues playing. after a week of back and forth with multiple people in the customer service area, trying every possible thing asked of me multiple times, they did something on their end that fixed the problem. now it's giving me loading issues again. it's very disappointing as i absolutely love hulu when it works properly.
only shows the ad at the beginning then black screen. no buffer or anything, just black screen. if you have a samsung phone don't bother paying for this service.
after upgrading to limited or no ads, i can barely watch anything_ keeps popping up playback failure. netflix, youtube, crackle works just fine. would give a higher rating if you improve your preformance
constantly stops and shows a message saying video will not load.  i'm using chromecast and playing a video will be a hit or miss.  sometimes the ads will play and just as soon as the actual show starts it states the error message.  very annoying and is very broken to even use.
will not let me watch anything . it will open and play the ads just fine but will not allow me to watch what i want . works fine on my ps4.
great app except for having to watch too many stupid ads that interrupt whatever i'm trying to watch. i refuse to buy anything advertised because of the interruption even if its something i may like.
great app except for having to watch too many stupid ads that interrupt whatever i'm trying to watch. i refuse to buy anything advertised because of the interruption even if its something i may like.
it freezes often when loading ads but playback is almost always smooth on my connection.... ads are ok but i'd like less of them with certain shows. edit _ commercial free_ it's amazing, no problems_
it simply doesn't work, which is funny because the ads work fine, just not the actual content. galaxy s5
i'll give you a 3 star because every time i go to hulu i watched one of my episodes and when the ad comes it logs me out plz fix and i'll give you a 5 star.
this could be a great app, but i'm so frustrated with all of the buffering all of the time that i'm ready to just cancel the subscription and uninstall the app_ its so annoying_  it says _try lower quality _ and when i do, it still buffers for forever and eventually stops and wont respond or do anything.  i don't even mind the ads, it's the buffering that is the main issue for me. takes me a hour to watch a 30 min show_ idk how to fix this or if it's even possible.   but something has to give.. over it_
i pay for the service why should i have to watch the ad's_ some how can you do away with the ad's_ get annoyed with them
only certain shows are on this.    you'll miss a lot of your favorite shows.    mostly old shows, hardly anything that aired last night like their ads say.    useless.
how do you charge please and still play commercials_ i rather wait doe netflix to come out with a series than this crap... so not worth it extremely disappointed you guys make alot of money charging people... why do you still need advertising_
this company advertised entire seasons of shows that you can't actually watch without a cable provider. typical bait and switch tactic. i'll be staying away from hulu and so should you.
whenever i try to use hulu with my chromecast, it will load the ads, but not the actual video and then the app says i have a problem with my internet connection, but the minute i disconnect it from chromecast the video loads no problem.
im trying to play videos on my s6 _ everytime just the ad plays and the show doesn't. i've talked to customer service and he wasnt no help at all . ive did everything . unistalled . cleared cache_data . i even went so far to factory reset my phone _ it still didn't fix the problem . i would really like another free week because i didnt get to watch not one episode . cmon hulu fix this asap . im suffering here lol .
app keeps closing on my galaxy tablet. it starts shows over when you try to resume from when you closed out the app. if try to move forward in video, the ads play and then the app stops working again and forces shut. please fix_
will not work after ads play, ads will play just fine then it'll cut off and send me straight to roku home page.. not worth _8 to only be able to watch ads, seems to run fine on my chrome cast tho
seriously, i get we have to watch the commercials, but if you're streaming on a lower quality, the commercials should be the same. it's frustrating to wait 5 to 10 minutes to get through a 30 second block of ads. i'm constantly having to refresh or restart episodes_
locks up when loading ads
it sucks for the most part. you have to pay to use it and it still has commercials. and if you dont want commercials you have to pay even more. there is nothing that special about their content either. i started using hulu because it has dragon ball only to find that almost all of it is in subtitles. really slow and to top it off once it finally does start flowing ok it will stop do a long load for an ad and do a long load again to start up the show. smh. truley mediocre
the show itself plays fine but it always buffers when it comes to the ads. i think i just may have to cancel my subscription. it's a waste of my time having to wait ten min on a 30 second ad or having to close and open the app again.
i used to love hulu and we even pay for a subscription but i don't like that i pay to watch a bunch of ads...not to mention there is not enough recent content for us and the old seasons of shows get taken off_ i am not going to upgrade my membership unless this gets fixed.
so i'm watching an anime and i stop right before a ad so when i get back on it won't load the ad i have tried rewinding the show i tried turning off and on nothing plz help
problem on tablet_ commercials wont load so you only see the first few minutes of a show. the image quality is great, but what's the point if you don't get to see anything. works exactly as advertised on the phone, i don't know why this is. the only work around i've found for the tablet issue is to watch a little bit on the phone until it gets past the commercial, by a few seconds, then switch to the tablet and proceeded to go back and forth with every commercial. beyond tedious.
it is pretty sad you want people to pay to watch your tv and get paid for advertising we should not have to pay if advertising is paying you. yes lady that's why i do not pay for cable , direct and dish i will not pay a fee and watch advertising on top of it. it is paid for by us_ they are getting rich off of what we pay them , but that is not enough . so they make you watch advertising on top of it. if you watch commercials it should be free_
having ads is a real binge killer and 12_month for _no_ ads _still get ads on 7 shows_ is insanely overpriced. maybe if the 12_ plan came with 4k it would be worth it
no i'm not complaining about the existence of ads. i'm complaining because why are the shows playing at like 180p while the commercials insist on being full hd and constantly buffering_
i like hulu in general, but the mobile player is absolutely horrible. either leaves a black screen after buffering ads or buffers for eternity. horrible. having to open and close the app multiple times just to watch the same ad and have the same issue gets extremely irritating. will be deleting_canceling subscription and going back to netflix.
i use this app all of the time and it's constantly crashing on me and doesnt save the place i was at. i'll just be watching it anf it crashes randomly for no reason. then i end up having to watch the ads that i just sat through again. its very frustrating. i'm not sure if it has something to do with the fact that i'm streaming on chromecast. either way, im not happy with this app.
seriously, if you're not going to allow viewing via mobile browser, then you guys have to get it together with this app. the only way i can watch anything seamlessly is on my laptop browser. it's bad enough that there's a series of ads every 5 minutes, but then to be presented with endless buffering once the ads are done is beyond irritating_ having to exit the app and go back in and watch another 5 mins of my show before having to do it again. it's just such a nuisance_ it's like the rabbit ears of 2015_
fire tv constantly loading and freezes on ads. pls fix.
fire tv constantly loading and freezes on ads. pls fix.
i don't understand we pay monthly but we see ads every 5 or so minutes while watching a show. why pay monthly to have to watch ads.i would pay more money monthly to not watch ads. netflix is better.
i don't understand we pay monthly but we see ads every 5 or so minutes while watching a show. why pay monthly to have to watch ads.i would pay more money monthly to not watch ads. netflix is better.
shows ads then goes back to the show, then goes back to ads or just a loading screen after about a minute.
recently the application only plays the advertisement  and stops and continues to buffer and never plays the video.
i appreciate the amount of new shows that are available the next day, but enough with the ads. i think the majority of people would be willing to pay a little more to have this service without all the ads. i guess it's time to start tivoing my favorite shows again where i can at least skip the annoying commercials. finally_ no more annoying ads. well worth the 4 dollars per month. thank you. love the app now.
every other video streaming app allows users to run on wifi only_ this single app is responsible for me running out of data for the month in 1 week ever since i installed it. why_ because the phone auto switches to cell data from wifi and the app doesn't tell you. get it together hulu_ oh and btw, every other video streaming company removes adds for paid accounts. these ads are always the same 5 over and over again.
but of course even though i can't play the show i want to watch it'll play your ads perfectly. what is this_
i use this app all of the time and it's constantly crashing on me and doesnt save the place i was at. i'll just be watching it anf it crashes randomly for no reason. then i end up having to watch the ads that i just sat through again. its very frustrating. i'm not sure if it has something to do with the fact that i'm streaming on chromecast. either way, im not happy with this app.
i paid to have commercial free hulu, but suddenly, i have 2 accounts and the amount that was taken off my card didn't happen. i was also happy to find out that, although, i paid to have commercial free hulu, i don't have it because it was a free 2 week trial that was not advertised on the payment page i entered my info into. if you want to enjoy hulu, pay for no commercials. otherwise, when the commercials start you'll have to endure the buffering circle, then have it not play after_ hulu rocks_
ive used hulu for years but the app is absolutely awful_ i spend most of my time restarting, uninstalling and reinstalling repeatedly just to make it sort of work and then on the rare occasions it actually functions it spends 95_ of the time buffering its precious ads and you dont even get to watch what you are paying to watch_ if time is money than this free app is an absolute ripoff.
i uninstalled and reinstalled and it still crashes when i want to play a video, even if i can get it to play anything, it only plays ads, then crashes when the ads are over
it is highly annoying hour this app stutters at the ads, but then also sometimes during the show. often have to reboot. will also crash, or continue playing on chromecast, but not on the phone. if this can be fixed, would be happy to improve rating.
would give five stars but the ads are so annoying, i don't know if they can be removed but if they are, then i'll give five stars.
finally ad free i don't mind paying 4 dollars more for add free anime haven
i don't know what the issue with android hulu is having but this constant buffering and trying lower quality streaming is garbage. i have a full signal and always at commercial ads it stops and freezes then is constantly buffering. i do not have an issue on my ps4 or pc. my phone is up to date, samsung galaxy note edge, and it's the only device this issue comes up on. no matter what video it is it does this. i cannot even get through an entire show. i've been trying to watch bones for almost 4 hours now.
the ads skip and takes forever ... 3 ads takes way longer than they should and is very frustrating_
literally paying for ads. what a joke lol
your non ad subscription should be the same as the original subscription.. ille change to 5 when you do.
pricy and more ads
i like it but like all but i didnt like the ads
when the ads buffer then it gets a bit annoying. i also think they should cut the amount of ads they show by at least a third. i understand theres an ad free version i can subscribe to but as a ongoing college student i can only afford to spend so much on entertainment.
running plus from a lenovo tablet, casting through chromecast. works great, not a ton of buffering, commercials are annoying and will probably upgrade to ad free. great way to cord cut and not give xfinity all my money_
so glad about ad free option you know i paid for that on site
app will open, allows me to browse, pick a movie, plays ads, loads, but won't play movies. screen shows timer if touched but movie won't play. already uninstalled and install. samsung galaxy s6 edge. one month already charged and no service.
it constantly crashes when going to commercial and then i have to rewatch the ads... its crashed at least twenty times and ive had it downloaded for a couple hours... i won't be paying after my trial if this is how it is.
i'd actually use this app... if it worked. i uninstalled and reinstalled. i tried the power off trick. i looked online for something to make it work. no way am i gonna pay more to not have advertisements, so i guess they lost a customer. too bad.
at first this app worked amazing, but as soon as they launched the _no commercial plan_ and updated, ads stop and buffer literally every 3 seconds. it takes about 15_20 minutes to get through 1 set of 3 commercials.  in my opinion, this is hulu's way of forcing their customers to upgrade their account to their _no commercial plan._ either way i am paying for a subscription, so this is no way to treat their customers. playback is smooth, however i will still cancel my subscription if this is not fixed.
i'm so glad you guys finally figured out that you'll never be as big as netflix unless you get rid of those ads. now if you could just cut the price by a few bucks it would be perfect.
plays on phone, refuses to play on chromecast. except for ads those come in crystal clear on both.
having issues on my phone app ... will load commercial ads but then when you want it tobplay the video it goes into a buffering state then to a lower quality but still buffering ... my tablet and xbox and playstation have not issues playing it but my phone does ... no sense of this... didnt have this issues til 2_3 months ago maybe before the new update
good tv shows on here but half the time it doesn't want to load i have the account with no ads but with all the buffering time it doesn't feel any different. using lg g flex
my family pays for this service but yet we still have to watch ads during our shows, goes to show that these corporate c_cksuckers will go as far as it takes to score a few extra bucks
hulu only wants to show certain episodes for showtimes so they're giving false advertisement saying you can watch all the shows for free they want you to switch over to the new commercials for a higher price but still no showtime original series just certain episodes that is false and wrong. and yes the bed frame is a pain in the butt the old episodes that i've watched buffer buffer buffer buffer it's getting tiring
40 minutes of ads and 30 minutes of the show not worth it anymore
this should be free. just like it used to be. it's now just an advertising gimmick for more subscriptions.
what is the problem_ everytime a video starts on my phone it buffers. if an ad starts it buffers. buffers, buffers, and buffers. why is this happening_ i spend more time trying to get it to not buffer than actually enjoying a show. it was not always like this please fix.
this is really great its just why so many ads_ i get 2_4 on video but not 5_7_ please chill out on ads thx.
bug in ad loading, always buffers
it goes through a little bit of the show then just sits there and buffers. i skip ahead and it plays ads perfeclty fine but then after the ad just buffers more_ really dissapointed.
the loading screen takes forever to load. netflix is nine dollars with no ads. hulu charges 12. and the shows variety is a lot less than they used to have several ueas ago. the app has a lot of improvements that needs to be made. this sucks_
buffers non_stop except during ads. netflix doesn't buffer at all. i've tried uninstalling and restarting my phone, doesn't work. please fix soon_ i'm about to cancel my subscription if the buffering doesn't stop every 5 seconds during episode.
don't pay for hulu if you don't have to. not worth all the problems it has. not worth paying to watch ads that lag and buffer. terrible application, terrible all around.
it keeps closing and stops working even before i start my show.  once it closes out i have to reset it and watch the ads all over again.  my one show i watched the ads ten times in a row because it kept closing out.  something needs to get fixed.  if all i wanted to do was watch ads i'd just go to youtube and do it.  i wouldn't pay for it_  this needs to be fixed.   and yes my hulu is up to date.  there also seems to be more ads.
it keeps closing and stops working even before i start my show.  once it closes out i have to rest at it and watch the ads all over again.  my one show i watched the ads four times in a row because it kept closing out.  something needs to get fixed.  and yes my hulu is up to date.  there also seems to be more ads.
i understand that the adds are how they are able to stream all the shows _which are surprisingly many_ but the fact that im paying 8 bucks a month should allow me to see less ads then i am forced to already.
ad free current tv....enough said.
an unknown error seems to occur the second i'm done watching four ads every time i try to watch the new south park. everything works fine just long enough to get through 2 sets of ads, and then an _error_ occurs and back to the beginning for more ads, but still no show. 20 mins of lo_def cartoons isn't much to ask, but hulu has jettisoned functionality in an ill_conceived effort to convince advertisers it can promise them the viewers' full attention.  backward, fascistic, and profoundly foolish priorities.
an unknown error seems to occur the second i'm done watching four ads every time i try to watch the new south park. everything works fine just long enough to get through 2 sets of ads, and then an _error_ occurs and back to the beginning for more ads, but still no show. 20 mins of lo_def cartoons isn't much to ask, but hulu has jettisoned functionality in an ill_conceived effort to convince advertisers it can promise them the viewers' full attention.  backward, fascistic, and profoundly foolish priorities.
i dont like ad because it annyoing plz remove ad
i kept getting error 987 after first ad played. spoke with the tech which did absolutely nothing for me but told me the normal fixes, restart phone, uninstall reinstall, etc. then, tried to say was my connection when xbox, netflix, laptop, youtube all worked fine. finally had to download an older version for it to work. one star for the crap, although timely, support. also, they need to keep seasons updated. they have shows with incomplete seasons or start at the fifth season.
hulu is alright but you should try netflix no ads have lots of good movies and have movies for kids and family too
i don't want to pay 11.99 a month just for commercial free. better yet, make it 9.99 a month for commercial free. be like netflix. there a no commercials and all you pay for is multiple screens. i think i'm satisfied with paying 7.99 for ads even if they suck to watch.
i pay for the plus version. i am a fan of the selection _ dislike ads _some shows have a ridiculous amount of ads, most aren't as bad_ but i'm willing to tolerate them. i have consistent streaming issues on both my kindle _ my console. i cannot make it through one show without having to restart hulu, it crashes my console quite often, it will reset back to the beginning of the show, the sound or the video will go out, or it will freeze entirely. i'm quite upset i'm paying for this service when netflix works
this app consistently crashes on my lenovo tablet 2 pro. that tablet has a projector which makes this one of the two apps i use on it, since i use it as a tv. however, the hulu app consistently crashes when ads start playing, making it almost useless. i have to get up and walk over to the projector to resume the show, but it sometimes crashes up to 5 times in a row when trying to resume the tv show. this is unacceptable.
ads play great of course. actual shows give playback error 987.
1._ watch anime and pay money and get ads.                                                     2._ watch anime and pay pay even more to not watch ads.                       3._ pay less money then the ad one and get crunchyroll and watch them ad free and watch even more anime
it freezes often when loading ads but playback is almost always smooth on my connection.... ads are ok but i'd like less of them with certain shows. edit _ commercial free_
all of these favorite shows are mostly in hulu plus worth purchasing plus every video i go or play advertisements pop out every time annoying _ 3_5
paying for ads sucks. oh i can pay extra to prevent them_ great _eyeroll_. losing the controls for chromecast during playback_ sucks even worse. the playback control in general sucks anyway even when it bothers to remain accessible.
the question is. why the hell do we have to watch ads when we pay monthly_
good hd quality and all. the only thing that i'm annoyed with is the constant ads. commercial free_ yeah, i think that needs to be checked again. i might give it 5 stars if the ads get taken off.
netflix should go from bright red to envious green. hulu has such a wide variety of different movies and tv shows for their clients to pick and choose from. and unlike netflix's apps the viewer can still access the site's full library from whatever device they are using. my only complaints would be more closed captions for the hearing impaired and provide more than one profile for family use. besides that i hope hulu continues to offer the ad free package it's a great for people whose devices lag already.
barely reasonable price you shove ads down our throats to make money and force us to pay for your service... i'd rather pay more to disable ads...
i love hulu and hes ads is so cool to have something like cable but more cheaper one more thing _savetheexes
besides the annoying ads,, i can't really complain. bring back the shield_
to many freaking ads.
shows run great, ads stutter and freeze and can take several minutes _rather than the 30 seconds_ to get through. i think it may be happening in order to promote their new higher priced ad free service.
hulu has a lot of great content, but the applications and the website don't work well at all. sometimes ads don't show and only display black. when returning to the show after and ad the screen stays black so i have to back out and go back into the show i was watching. casting to my ps3 from my phone is full of bugs, i constantly have to restart the app on the ps3 or on my phone to get it to work. hulu just doesn't seem to care about providing a great experience. all they care about is taking your money.
awesome. loving the no ads. should of been l i keep this since the beginning.                   can we a dubbed anime section. i don't mind subs but occasionally i like to watch dub without searching an hour
i'm sick of paying for ads, make up your mind hulu
you guys are a sneaky bunch of f_ks i have been a member off and on for a while the ads bugged me but the selection is good so there is that...you guys just topped the list of asinine practices. you offer a new service with no ads and double them on the service that still has them...wtf thanks guys
really do not mind the ads that much and the movies are up to date
yeah right you think i'm going to pay to watch your repetative f_ advertising over and over and over...  useless without paid subscription.
ads play with no issues but episodes needs buffering almost 98_ of the time..
some programs are only available on a computer. ads galore. other streaming services are better.
but more ad mean more burrering unless you pay 50_ more 4 no ad hmmm_
i love hulu but i don't think i should have to watch these advertisements if i pay for the service every month otherwise i would give it 5 stars i watch it every day_
so i watch this anime called fairytail they have the subed of course then they have the first three episode of season 2 dubed just really going to tease me with 3 ep then say oh no eff you here its all subed now plus i get the things about but really ads buffing other that i love it has more than netflix
thank you for finally offering _mostly_ commercial free programming. that got you 2 stars. i do not appreciate being lied to,  however. you advertise the ability to watch full seasons of your favorite shows,  when in reality you remove older episodes of the seasons. what the  _ is the point then_  listen,  call up netflix and have them give you some tips.
i swear not too long ago i was watching july and i didn't have to pay i thought you only did on plus all my apps disappeared at one point and i had to 're download them now i have to pay to watch things on it with commercial ads what the he'll july is just a money grabber at this point to pay to watch and without ads. fix your mess
the whole point of paying and having this app is not to have ads or commercials. it is stupid to pay for this app and still have ads. cancelling my subscription and forget my free trial.
why am i paying to watch ads. i should not have to pay to watch my showes and to get interrupted by more ads
i bought hulu plus it still has ads and tells me certain shows can be accessed only thru a tv provider. like i bought it to watch the shows.  whats the point if i cant access it.
limited ads means ads all the time.
when i start the app it says _no internet connection_ and then when i restart my phone it plays 4minutes into the tv show then stops and says _no connection _. also it buffers way much and then stops when i do get it working. the app updates but never does any better, comercials are way too long and there are way too many _even though i payed for no commercials but it says im not subscribed_.you false advertise and i wont stand for it. fix or im stopping my subscription. i could always go back to netflix_
it keeps on buffering like every 5 seconds and its getting annoying. and every time an ad is over the app always closes. also the app keeps on taking off shows it really sucks _
all i see is a bunch of spoiled brats who can't appreciate a wealth of tv shows at their fingertips... you people and your first world problems... _advertisements oh my god it's crap_
it works alright most of the time, but often will not work correctly for a variety of reasons. i'm not paying for a subscription anymore because there's too many ads.
please get rid of ads, make it like youtube
doesn't work too many ads, do not download
awesome. loving the no ads. should of been l i keep this since the beginning
try it for yourself. this app is amateur hour compared to the netflix one. i guess the subscriptions and ad revenue isn't enough to hire someone who knows what the f they're doing.
i dont understand why there has to be so many ads...i pay for it so that should stop or at least have less frequent ads
i can tolerate the ads but i can't tolerate the buffering. please get it fixed because it is ruining the shows i want to watch.
the longer you watch it the more ads you are forced to watch. seriously it adds on one more ad everytime. i am really not happy about that its annoying. why can no one create a streaming service without ads_ there has to be a better way to get money for funding.
added more commercials so you can spend the extra four dollers a month to be commercial free....they make enough with the advertisements...why make me pay more
ads play seamlessly but video doesn't please fix and i will change rating
very pleased with new ad free option. by using hulu, i was able to dispense with cable,  thank you very much.
like really, hulu i'm paying to watch ads and the ability to watch my programs that is equivalent to a vcr tape because i'm constantly told to lower video quality on both my 4glte _ wifi. ugh, this is frustrating as it takes an hour and 1_2 to watch a one hour show due to buffering and shutdowns.
during ads it freezes and repeats the ad infinitely with no way to skip our get passed it.
prior to whatever update, i used hulu hours a day no problem no hassle.  now hulu literally crashes my phone and tv when i try and use it on my chrome cast. as a user for quite a few years now, i'm utterly annoyed and refuse to even use this anymore until it's fixed.  fix the buffering problem. fix the crashing.  fix the ads pausing and playing in slow motion.  make hulu the way it's been these last few years or i'm cancelling my subscription and i'll find new ways to watch tv.  i have never been so annoyed
works most of the time unless you back out on accident, or if there's an update, or if you want to fast forward to where you left off. if skipping scenes to where you left off you are forced to watch the opening adverts and another round after selecting the proper sceen. and please stop with the spanish commercials_ dont watch spanish programing yet i get spanish commercials, why_ also the buffering then commercials after i paid to have none, garbage i do not intend to resubscribe no respect for customers
ads stream seemlessly but despite the fact that i have 50mbps down.. shows do not.. watching 30 seconds with 2 second breaks in between gets very annoying. netflix, crackle, hbo go all work much better
there is... which is a lie so please change it_ but over all not a bad app just the ads are annoying because u want to get back to your thing your watch etc... i'll rate it 4 _ but please fix buffering because it's very annoying_ thanks_ _d
weird that your ads can play just fine no buffering no nothing but you wont let me watch my shows_ and i can stream on litterally every other app, crunchy roll and netflix included chill it with the ads especially since i pay for yout service.
you can only watch it on one device that sucks thanks a lot and y so many ads y
can't even load a video all the way through, and now it can't even load the app... glad there is a trial period cause no way in hell i would pay for this service. same results on the xbox one bad app, bad severs, and horrible service. and not to mention the fact that there's a ton of advertising
we just upgraded to no ads. we couldn't be happier_ hulu listened_ support staff is awesome, very friendly and helpful. no waiting on hold, they call you almost immediately.
there's a pop up that interrupts saying that it can't play the sponsors ad but there is audio from the ad is playing in the background. then it closes me out of the app. i tried uninstalling then reinstalling.  happens at least 5 times within an episode.
there's so many ads.i can barely wach in peace without the same thing poping up  over and over again lower the number of ads.
they force you to pay for ads, restrict you to only one device at a time, and their mobile app doesn't work. not only that, but they find excuses for not even trying to fix it. save your money, sanity, and time. just get netflix or even crackle. hulu is worthless.
if you pause some shows and then go to hit play it will start the show all over again rather then play from where you left off. also sometimes when the ads do play you'll hear the end of the ad in constant repeat after the show your watching has already started playing again and it won't stop until re start the show. it's becoming more frequent please fix. it also won't play some shows without constantly buffering and other shows will play without any problems. it's getting annoying.
i hate that i pay and still am forced to watch ads it would be different if it was free off the bat and you put a crap ton of commercials but its not
too many ads, so repetitive. also what's the point of having news that's 2 days old_ it should be available soon after the broadcast.
worked great until most recent update.  froze once in a while but on the whole very stable.  now it buffers after the first ad _and seems to be playing a lot more ads, when it works_ and errors out.  fix the ad frequency and playback issues, hulu.  it's what we pay you for.
occasionally buffers but main complaints are that it has begun to automatically rewind to a random spot in the middle of a show and will continue this until i stop watching. the ads are also a huge inconvenience. i already pay for the service so why am i forced to watch ads_ lastly, i recently started watching the blacklist and season 2 starts on episode 18.  why would i even bother watching the last 4 episodes of a season just to be lost the entire time_ considering canceling subscription.
i hate the ads _ on top of that it keeps wanting to buffer almost every second.  i have excellent 4glte signal.  i never have a problem with the netflix app even when i just have 4g service.
let me start by saying that i love hulu and definitely prefer to netflix primarily because _to me_ it has a better selection. however, i'm paying eight dollars a month for this which is about the same as netflix_ i don't mind the ads, but what bothers me is the fact that they throw two ads in after just about every scene. on top of that the ads are always lagging, i have a perfect wifi set up and normal streaming is, for the most part very smooth.. until the ads come in. please make these run more smoothly.
30 seconds of ads twice a show is fine. two minutes of ads 3 or 4 times in a 30 minute show is intolerable. goodbye. glad i never wasted my money.
ads play great of course. actual shows give playback error 987. app worked fine a month ago what gives_
doesn't work. it will play the initial 5 second intro video _ the one right before the first ads_ after that it just gets stuck non stop buffering the advertisements. i've tried everything i can think of and have never been  able to get past the buffering for the first set of ads.
doesn't work. it will play the initial 5 second intro video _ the one right before the first ads_ after that it just gets stuck non stop buffering the advertisements. i've tried everything i can think of and have never been  able to get past the buffering for the first set of ads.
7 min of show with 2 min of ads included and 10 min of buffering. uninstalling this one quickely
tried both netflix and hulu and netflix wins by far, hate the advertisement every 10 min. watched the whole season of empire and by the end i was going crazy with the advertisement_
keeps playing ads but the video keeps crashing, forcing me to close video again and wait for more ads.
the app is free but you need to pay for membership. there are ads in everything. that is crap.  i had eight ads in a 42 minute episode of a show. that is ridiculous. sure maybe i get one or two ads but eight that is stupid. not to mention it has only 5 episodes of my favorite tv show _ the vampire diaries_.
multiple ads in one episode_ this is the worst streaming service_
if i'm paying _8 a month why must i watch advertising_ not happy, but have no choice since i cut my cable
got the free trial and was going to continue just so i could watch one season of something.  the episodes were in my queu and then all of a sudden they wouldnt play.  went to that show and no episodes were available. plus the ad commercials were very annoying.  ill stick with my current streaming provider.
i like all the different shows and movies i can watch, but i thought with the plus subscription there wouldn't be any, or at least, fewer ads. i'd be better off to dvr the new shows so i can ff the commercials.
is that doesn't work. i discontinued watching hulu anyway because of the multiple advertisements. it's a huge rip off to have to pay to be bombarded but all the stupid ads on hulu. if i'm paying for a subscription i do not want commercials and advertising.
is that doesn't work. i discontinued watching hulu anyway because of the multiple advertisements. it's a huge rip off to have to pay to be bombarded but all the stupid ads on hulu. if i'm paying for a subscription i do not want commercials and advertising.
exactly what it says above _ this app is bad going on worse_  crashes constantly on my fully updated galaxy tab pro _ it will play the ads _ then sit _buffering_ the content for eternity_  if it even plays the content eventually it will begin suggesting that i reduce the quality of the ads_ i am a paying subscriber with 60mbps cable internet here people_  i have tried all the usual fixes.  i don't want to have to turn on my tv because it only works on ps3 or be forced to squint at my iphone but those are the only devices i've found that it works on...
i would give five stars because it's a great app and all but it recently stopped working. it plays the ads fine but when it comes to playing anything else it just buffers for like 30 minutes till i decide to close it. if it keeps doing this i'll just delete it and cancel my subscription because it's not worth paying money to only watch ads. it's not my phones fault because i can still watch netflix and youtube and stuff so please fix whatever is wrong. i'm on the galaxy s6 edge btw, idk if that'll help.
it finally plays video over wi_fi as long as you start where you left off between some of the many advertisements that they force down your throat and which you're paying for. don't you just love paying advertisers to advertise to you_ continually hangs up at the next, or first, commercial break and doesn't work from there. save yourself some time and sanity. just go with netflix. with hulu, you're force fed advertisements and restricted to only one device and they can't even put forth a functioning mobile.
lots of ads and constant buffering, except when ads are playing. netflix is way better
this app needs a lot of improvements_ it's always buffering and i know it's not my internet connection because netflix doesn't do this. there's a lot of chromecast issues too. i wanted  to watch a show on my tv but the app said it couldn't connect to chromecast but it was able to play other episodes _just not the one i wanted to watch_. the app also crashes_ i'm okay with ads even after i pay for hulu plus but the buffering and the crashing really make me angry. i will unsubscribe from hulu plus and just use my hdmi to watch episodes from my laptop to my computer _some of them from the networks' website_.
the app is good, but plus subscriptions should come with limited commercial interruptions. also, some shows included in the _streaming now_ advertisements aren't available.
for a paid service there sure are a lot of ads. i don't mind a few here and there but it makes you wonder what you're paying for... i also haven't been able to search on my phone without the app crashing for months, no matter how many times i reinstall it_
i pay a similar fee for netflix and am forced to watch ads on hulu. plus there are a couple places in each episode where the play stops, loads and starts back up several minutes behind where i left off so i have to rewatch portions of the episode several times before it continues on. this happens on my phone, smart tv and wireless blu  ray player.
i google pretty little liars season 6 episode 9 and it said hulu had it with a link and everything but i needed to download the app to watch it on my phone.  i try searching for it and you don't even have it.  seriously i've been trying to find somewhere that has the last two episodes and i'm getting fed up. don't false advertise_
i actually don't mind that there are ads. i just wish they were executed better. besides being repetitive _i am quite sick of the amazon echo ads_, during peak times _when bandwidth is most restricted_, actual content streams smoothly _on med quality setting_ but ads buffer badly _ causing a 60 second ad break to take 5 minutes to get through. that is frustrating. other than that, i am pleased with content offering. i find more of the movies in the genres i'm most interested in than netflix.
commercials rnt the issue wen there only 15 or 30 seconds, its the 60 seconds of buffering they force on u, which means the ad stays in ur face longer, sneaky tactic. samsung tab s. for a global multimillion dollar tech company us think theyd hav there issues figured out. pos app and pos company.
way too many streaming issues to chromecast. netflix rarely has issues, but constant streaming errors with hulu. and the content isn't good enough to make it worth the aggravation. also, ads.
it has its flaws like advertising even though we're paying monthly, needs a better looking interface
the people in charge of ads need to listen to their ceo like good little boys and girls and remove ads for people paying actual money to use this service. it requires little intelligence to understand why people are cancelling subscriptions and the company isn't growing. if you want profits then you have to appeal to those you rely on for survival. in this case, subscribers. if we don't feel appreciated then we will leave.
ads play, videos do not. galaxy s6
i love that all the shows i like to watch are on here. however i do not like that i pay a monthly subscription to hulu plus to have this service and i still have to watch stupid ads during my shows until ads are removed i will keep this 2 star rating. who knows the ads might make me unsubscribe to the service.
supposedly the update fixed playback issues but they are worse.  ad breaks are extremely choppy and now take twice as long to playback.  and why are hulu plus subscribers shown ads for hulu plus_  that's just idiotic and redundant. for gods sake normalize the ad volume to the video playing so viewers don't go deaf
the selection is alright and they do have all the stargate series which was my reason for getting it but even on plus they still make you watch ads about 5 per episode. if i had a nickel for everytime the ads buffered... i could buy amazon prime and stream stargate off that. definitely will not be extending my use past the trial.
i also have netflix.  it rocks_  hulu, not so much.  too many ads. at times, 4_5 ads in a row_  why the ads when we pay a monthly fee_  i am currently on my 1 week free trial.  not sure if i want to continue when trial is up.
ads are long af _
i'm not paying for ads, i'll just cancel and stick with netflix. same price for netflix without ads.
to much ads
netflix does not have any ads they play the whole movie_show without interruptions
while it annoys me to watch ads on a paid subscription, i understand that is how hulu can stay affordable. whay really ticks me off is that almost every single time an ad block comes on, it plays one ad, goes to load the second, stops buffering, then i reload and it starts the first ad over. best of all is when i watch both ads, and the show gives a buffer error. then i get to reload, watch two more ads, and cross my fingers for the show again...  3 different phones, 1 tablet, 2 computers, same error.
since the latest update i keep getting issues with video playback after the advertisements. i use med quality. with 4 g and tryed it on wifi and tryed on my phone and tablet
take the ads out if we are paying we should be able to watch it without the ads netflix doesnt have ads we should be able to watch it right through and it takes to long to load up a lot of buffering
seriously. i remember when good _new_ shows were on hulu.  not this stuff they get away with putting on now.  here's a funny joke. a trailer is an advertisement. however with hulu you will pay to watch an advertisement before your advertisement lmfao_
updated and now buffers almost as long as the video, in addition to the countless unskippable ads.
like i knew hulu had ads buy 120_170 seconds for a commercial_ if i'm paying money each month for this the ads breaks need to be shorter. if not y'all lost another customer. please fix.
are you having buffering issues with ads_ it buffers for eternity, and i nearly gave up. in my case i had an ad blocker app. when i turned that off, hulu worked again. just an fyi for those in my situation.
supposedly the update fixed playback issues but they are worse.  ad breaks are extremely choppy and now take twice as long to playback.  and why are hulu plus subscribers shown ads for hulu plus_  that's just idiotic and redundant.
hey, hulu... the ad experience that i prefer is _none of the above_ if i'm paying for a service.
i hate the long advertisement. i already have an account, so why the long advertisement at the beginning, in_between and at the end_ 3 times for 25 minutes.. really_ is that really necessary_ but hulu really has a great selection of anime
so many ads and now multiple ads 90 to 120 seconds what give normally when you pay money for something like this the ads go away
still having video issues after getting the new update. before it was just issues loading ads now if i click a show the screen just turns black and unresponsive...please help i miss my hulu_
so a few shows that have been _loaded_ on hulu don't work as i try to play them i get an error message that the video has been removed. it makes no sense because new episodes will show in the list but all get the error. if it wasn't for that and ads it would be a 5
four ads in on video thats just too much i cant  enjoy any anime when im on crunchyroll they take ads when you go pro but on hulu it seems as if they give you more ads than before hulu plus really bro
the application definitely deserves 5 stars but the ads get annoying. i'm paying to not receive ads. if you must play them please switch it up and not show the same ones on the three breaks during the show.
crashes at every ad.
you all get paid from ads i get it. but netflix dont have ads. i watch my master chef and naruto but thats about it. i would love a previous season of the shows just like netflix. and btw, add more movies that are at least new. i dont think i have ever watched a movie besides the my girl and its from korea. should be 3.99 per month or less.
i'm glad i got this app. i get to see all the tv series_ season that i miss.. i just hate all the ads that's in the video.
to many ads
the ads never stop buffering even when im on wifi i would understand if i didnt have well over the required internet your site says android requires please fix and ill rate higher
update_ i updated to the most recent version, but errors still occur snd video still will not load_  very frustrating_    original post_ used to love the app _except for the ads... i already pay, why do i see ads_, only now i can't watch anything_ after the first ad _which somehow miraculously still loads and works_, the video just continues to buffer until it loads and error. tried updating to the latest version and same thing still happened.
goes to ad and closes. plz fix and i will rate 5 stars
hi, every time, when ads running it's getting struck and just showing _buffering_,any solution for this_
unhappy with the app, force closes too often. just did the update with the same issues, when it goes to the ads it crashes the app.
if you're going to charge a subscription fee, lose the ads_ ads suck, hulu is loaded with them and its not like just one or two here and there. some half hour shows break for ads as much as 5x and it can be as many as 3_5 ads each time_ this is absurd_ that is the only thing that keeps me from giving this app 5 stars_ also, since the last update, whenever i watch on my android it crashes on me whenever it goes to an ad. it doesn't do it on my ipad, what's the deal with the android app_ fix this_
i get that you need to make money from ads. but what i don't get is why am i paying money and still seeing around 10 ads a video_ if i'm giving you money i think that i should at least be able to watch ad free videos. also, in the paid version, there's not a lot of episodes of stuff. like for teen wolf there's only 6 episodes.. i'd like to watch all seasons. not just six episodes of season 5.
wish the paid subscription meant no ads, but otherwise i really like the app.
way to many ad's
still having video issues after getting the new update. before it was just issues loading ads now if i click a show the screen just turns black and unresponsive...please help i miss my hulu_
it plays the ad before the show then says playback won't work once the ad finishes. pretty lame.
video playback will fail, causing you to reload the episode and have to watch another minute and a half of advertisements. ridiculous.
internet law_ free_ads, pay_no ads... this app is in violation_ reported.
update_ fixed as of 8_19_ whenever i watch a video with ads, it locks up my whole device and i have to force shut down
why why why don't you update with the new shows sooner_ why so many ads in between shows_  why don't you have a bigger variety of shows available_ you've been around to long not to have updated your format_ account on hold until i see different_
the app keeps saying that theres a error whe  it plays ads but the sounds still plays and after the ads are over, the screen doesn't change. it stays saying error loading the ads. its super annoying_ please fix asap.
get messages saying can't load ads _ i pay you guys money so i shouldn't see ads,  no internet connection message, lots of buffering. i have done everything to try to resolve it but it doesn't work _ now i read lots of people are having the same issue.  fix it
ads won't work_ and i use this app on my phone_ no adds mean no videos _c please fix i mean it works on my laptop and everything_ but how am i supposed to get comfortable with something like that in my hands_ this new update messed it up and i've had hulu for a long time_
this app has been perfect until the newest update now ads won't load and i stops the stream.  not good.
wtf i used to be able to watch it and then all of a sudden a message pops up saying to check my internet connection i have internet it works fine but for some reason hulu doesn't want to work...why on earth do we pay to watch and then it not work. come on hulu fix this it's super annoying never had a problem up till now...we shouldn't have to see ads if we are paying look at netflix
updated review_i love having access to hulu any where anytime. i didn't like that you couldn't  fully access your account. you can now access it but there are still a couple of things i can't access from mobile and the ads can be ridiculous. galaxy s4.
i have been using hulu for majority of the year and enjoyed the services. i just canceled my subscription since i can't watch a full episode due to ads going dark and getting error message. no sense in paying for partial shows
says it can't play advertisements from sponsor then it stops. waste of money.
app was working until update. now it wont load the ads and i can't watch anything_ fix it_
plays the ad then nothing, no playback. i try to skip ahead says buffering and the app freezes. 10_10
the app keeps saying that theres a error whe  it plays ads but the sounds still plays and after the ads are over, the screen doesn't change. it stays saying error loading the ads. its super annoying_ please fix asap.
i love how they got so many series but 8 ads in each episode_ that's rediculous_ in a less than 30 min episode there are sometimes 4 ads. i do pay to use hulu so you guys should tone it down. it's getting out of hand.
ads won't work_ and i use this app on my phone_ no adds mean no videos _c please fix
at least make sure the ads don't make the app crash or the show go bonkers. i want my money back.
until these supposed bug fixes. now ads won't load meaning videos won't play. i'm extremely irritated.
it's ok however, there shouldn't be ads when you're paying for it. it doesn't make sense. i wish they would remove the ads for those of us that pay. they should try to include more shows and movies as well. other than that it works well.
whenever i watch a video with ads, it locks up my whole device and i have to force shut down
used to love the app _except for the ads... i already pay, why do i see ads_, only now i can't watch anything_ after the first ad _which somehow miraculously still loads and works_, the video just continues to buffer until it loads and error. tried updating to the latest version and same thing still happened.
i can't watch on my tablet because it won't play ads anymore.
i'm tired of the same sinister 2 ad every single time
when playing advertisement the screen goes into error page and the sound still plays. unable to continue watching without replaying advertisement over again, basically looping.
used to be able to watch just fine but now i keep getting told it can't load the ad and when i come back to the show same issue works fine on my ipad and xbox not sure what this new bug is but it sucks _
commercials and ads are way out of control. i mean whats next are they going to ad 6 commercials_ this is crazy. also the force closing and and freezing are extremely excessive and not to mention that hulu is falling behind on getting the linces for shows i really want to watch like the strain wich is already in the middle of its second season. like wtf is going on_ _
i uninstalled and am cancelling my subscription.  why pay for it if i still have ads. netflix is 100_ better_ pathetic waste of money_
the majority of these shows are free to watch from the network's app or website with the same amount of ads. even after paying for plus there are still a ton of ads. the app is unusable for chromecast and after a recent update i'm not even able to simply watch on my nexus 6. if you're going to take money from ads as well as customers then you should provide a better service.
cant watch episodes in order, only certain episodes available for devices, others have to be watched on computer. even though its a paid subscription, still make you watch ads before your video.
omg those ads
it keeps freezing after ad i pay for this release an update now_
after new update the shows will run until the first commercial, where it says they cannot load a message from their sponsor then quits. i already pay for this stuff and sit through ads even though i pay for it, so this is ridiculous.
why do i have to watch ads ads ads_ thru the shows.. i paid for the upgrade.. why_ still have to go thru ads_
this app needs a lot of improvements_ it's always buffering and i know it's not my internet connection because netflix doesn't do this. there's a lot of chromecast issues too. i wanted  to watch a show on my tv but the app said it couldn't connect to chromecast but it was able to play other episodes _just not the one i wanted to watch_. the app also crashes_ i'm okay with ads even after i pay for hulu plus but the buffering and the crashing really make me angry. i will unsubscribe from hulu plus and just use my hdmi to watch episodes from my laptop to my computer _some of them from the networks' website_.
i would have rated 5 stars if every time there is a ad it stops and now i can't even watch fix it please and i will rate 5 stars
too many ads and buffering while trying to watch a movie. a waste of my time and money. plus, where are the 2015 movies _ i did find a few, they were trailers. hulu plus has all the good 2015 trailers you want to see not the movies. please cancel my subscription.
accidentally hit a wrong button and wont go back to where i was. it starts at the very beginning  and will keep showing ads but no seeking to the part of the show where i was.... very frustrating. i dont mind the ads but trying to get to one part i have watched 8 ads with no success. this is almost a deal breaker. i want to pay to be legal but its easier and cheaper to get these shows off of a pirated site. thanks for your time....please fix.....i would take your commercials off untill you fix the problem. look att the coments, your going and losing alot of customers because of commerciqls and some simple fixes.
i just deleted it it was great app but after the stupid ads that is getting everyone nerves thats it they can keep the ads but lose the costumers
this app not only has current shows and movies but classics as well. shows are updated nightly and the app is easy to navigate. the only problem are the ads shown while watching, but they are totally worth it.
ads don't show then error message appears. _update_ still not working. i even requested a call and they never called about to end my subscription.
ads keep increasing, web only videos make this business model look like a joke next to netflix or amazon.
could be better without ads
ads don't show then error message appears
update_ i still don't get why this is a paid service and continue to have advertisements. but the quantity of shows has gotten better.
you guys play way to much ads. like after 5 minutes of the show, it's playing an ad. its really annoying.
if hulu could connect me to showtime instead of ads, i would like it more.
constant horror movie advertising.  sick of it. ruins what i'm watching and will tell others not to pay for hulu.
just don't like it... i don't pay for commercial _advertising_
really freaking stupid to be paying for a service and still have to be seeing ads
internet law_ free_ads, pay_no ads... this app in violation_ reported.
i don't mind the ads but having one three times a show is nuts plus most of the shows have horrible quality and the sound sucks i could get more out of being a crunchyroll member ...
fixed issues after latest software update. ads still skip and make playback cringeworthy, but i could not care less about ads five stars_
can only use hulu on pc, cause on my phone it only plays ads, not the actual show. yall need to fix this bug.
nothing but ads. need to cancel .... do not charge me for this crap.
this app needs a lot of improvements_ it's always buffering and i know it's not my internet connection because netflix doesn't do this. there's a lot of chromecast issues too. i wanted  to watch a show on my tv but the app said it couldn't connect to chromecast but it was able to play other episodes _just not the one i wanted to watch_. the app also crashes_ i'm okay with ads even after i pay for hulu plus but the buffering and the crashing really make me angry. i will unsubscribe from hulu plus and just use my hdmi to watch episodes from my laptop to my computer _some of them from the networks' website_.
omgosh_ ads overload_ never had this problem with netflix...also do not have all the seasons of my favorite tv show, the game...only reason i have a subscription_ please add seasons 6,7,8 and 9_ thank you in advance_
i don't care about ads i love mah anime
i see many complaints on here about having to pay for services. yes there is a free version but how do you expect hulu to continue giving us serivce if it was all free. people who would be out of a job and we would be without hulu. if you want to complain about price try to find a cheaper way to have cable than. another complaint is the ads unless you got a hopper you still get ads with normal csble and you pay for it. personally i glad for the ads i dont have to pause the show if i need to get up fast.
i don't like how i'm paying for a subscription, but can't skip ads. im paying for ads, which defeats the whole point of paying for an app.
i don't mind the ads, i get next day viewing of new shows and i love it_ for those of you complaining of skipping, its your internet connection not the app.
i don't mind the ads but they spam them, which is  unnecessarily excessive.plus, although hulu gets episodes of shows when they come out, its less than half of their shows that get updated_ only the really popular ones or the ones that are hulu exclusive get updated regularly._ i mean,why have all the seasons of archer except for season 6_ and why is there no mlp_ i figured they would have covered those._ not to mention they delete entire seasons which is inconvenient for people who want to start new shows.
this app could be great if it would quit freezing on ads all the time. i spend more of my time watching a buffer screen then anything else. please fix the android app_
i love how the ads play flawlessly but the show buffers, then buffers again, then gives up and plays another set of ads..
take the ads off then i will start paying again. till then im cancelling.
doesn't stream  seamlessly with chromecast as it advertises that it does. constantly getting error messages at every commercial break. constantly having to reinstall. constantly annoyed. really need to fix your s_. hulu sucks. just not worth the money.
y can't it be lik netflix and have no ads, lik srsly m8, and it keeps buffering and i has a beast of a router
when play for a service you don't expect to be hut with ads
the ads play fine. show_s lag is unbearable_ been this way for 2 years on my samsung galaxy note 3
it has a lot of ads but the app works very good .the ads are annoying thoughm
ad playback stutters. video program will not play citing error. other streaming apps works with chromecast smoothly. hulu app seems to have constant playback issues. please fix. thanks_
app just doesn't work. stays in the infinite buffering state when it starts up. that's only for ads though. it works on my pc and game consoles just not on android. not sure about ios. stupid stupid ads
why is there ads_ its a paid prescription, there should be no ads. also, dragonball z is missing episode 11_59. those are extremely important to the plot. i left netflix for you. do not disappointed me_
as a service i pay for i should not be forced nor my family be forced to continually see horror film ads. this terrifies my kids, and frankly myself. i get you have to show ads, but i should not have to continually have to see sinister 2 commercials. wanting to cancel service. i love hulu it has saved me so much money_ but we are not a family who enjoys watching twisted horror. this have never been a problem till now. why is this one of the only ads shown_ it's truly scary and unwanted in our home_
i hate of because of all the stupid ads, what's the point of watching it on here_ it is terrible
hulu plus has some great content, i love all the korean and taiwanese dramas and all the anime it has. all this great content would be so enjoyable to watch if only hulu would play without constant stops for buffering and ads. i paid for this and there's ads. if i missed something and go back a few minutes, sometimes the subtitles will go away and i have to restart the app. this happens on my playstation too, so i know hulu's platform is  critically flawed. i can't believe i paid for this.
for a streaming app that had some of the best shows and latest episodes that's all gone now.  can't find new episodes or latest episodes. plus you are paying to see more ads
i would have rated 5 stars if every time there is a ad it stops and now i can't even watch
one, you have to upgrade to hulu plus for shlome shows u want to watch and two, the ads are keep on showing. so because i have two problems, i give this three instead of five. _
i pay for this and there are way to many ads.. the hulu app will not buffer videos on my verizon galaxy s5.. the only thing that redeems hulu is that they got a better selection than  most other videos streaming platforms
keeps quitting my video and resetting to beginning randomly. won't save my place anymore. also, seems to think i live in tennessee and gives me ads specific to that location. finally, ad images never sync up with sound, meaning i get to watch an extra 10 seconds if ad each time with no sound at all. only does that on ads, not shows.
constantly force stopping every time an ad shows up. deleting app and canceling subscription.
i love this app but could you ad kiss x sis
i love this service and all of the variety of shows available but why, oh why must we pay a premium for a service only to still be subjected to ads_ would pay a couple bucks more to skip the ads entirely. that would get you 5 stars for sure.
started getting pop up ads as soon as i join.. wtf netflix don't have advertisements or forced commercials.. sometimes after the first ad the screen stays black or says buffering then u restart and gotta watch the ads again.. 7.99 is to much for an ad soaked service.. is anything up to date this used to be the best now not so much
started getting pop up ads as soon as i join.. wtf netflix don't have advertisements or forced commercials.. sometimes after the first ad the screen stays black or says buffering then u restart and gotta watch the ads again.. 7.99 is to much for an ad soaked service.. is anything up to date this used to be the best now not so much
there are too many adverts, and they are the same ones over and over. also ive been sitting here trying to watch an episode for over an hour and only 15 mins in_
good but there's ads
if you pay for hulu you should not have to see ads im a member but im going to cancel if ads keep coming. i love how netflix dosent have ads
not sure what happened here.  used to work perfectly fine.  in the past couple of weeks, crashes on android tablet either just before any ad.    ridiculous that i pay for this.
why do you  add more ads on the phone. my ps3 gets way less ads. every ad i get have two ad's every time.
it works great for me have no problem. on occasion it will ask me to lower quality of the video but after that i plays smoothly. yes there is a free and paid version but i can make do with the free. also there is ads for free users, essential to keeping hulu running, but i am unsure about the paid version because i haven't felt the need to pay for it.
i absolutely love hulu_  used to have netflix but was annoyed at the fact it never updated.  i understand people dont.like ads but not everything on hulu has them if you watch an old show chances are there will be no ads
i don't like all the ads, and the shows keep freezing on me. and its only been 2 days.
this is awesome but too many ads and right after an episode comes out hulu plus put out that episode
what's with the ads_ i pay the same price for netflix and there are no ads...i'm not okay with this...please change and i'll improve the rating. also it keeps pausing every 2 minutes.
ads load fine, but once it is done nothing loads, not even a buffer sign,  it worked fine before. then out of nowhere it started to that.
i know sometimes my wifi cuts in and out and stuff. and i don't mind watching the ads. not a big deal to me honestly. but i always get the same error. just gets saying _strange_ and closes the app. i've sent many report feedbacks but i don't know. i just wish it'd actually play the shows i wanted too watch. but other than that, its great. i can watch so many anime's. and that's the best part. thank you. _
ads are ridiculous. too many and too long not worth _8 a month when can just pirate
too many ads especially with a paid_plus account.
i enjoy the service and on the roku and iphone it works great but the android app is just horrendous.  it crashes every time it goes to commercial and sometimes doesn't load it at all get with it. for a pay service with ads to have something like this happen is inexcusable
skip to much to much advertising iam taking this app  off my phone good reason
it  is a good app, but with too many ads.
i can't stand the ads but overall, good app_
there is to much ads,some shows that are old don't but the newer ones spam u with them
i only have this because of _east los high_ , other than that i appreciate netflix that much more. thanks for the constant ads.
how is it that i've paid my _8_month and yet i'm having to sit through ads_ isn't that the whole point of streaming services, to not have to deal with this crap. i'm getting through homeland as quick as i possibly can then canceling. of course that might take me 3 months will all the ads and terrible navigation within the app. i can't tell a difference in the selection of shows between this _ netflix _other than ability to pay even extra for showtime_ so basically it's netflix with ads and a terrible app.
it always scratches sometimes on my tv so it is kinda annoying also do we really need the advertisements nobody really likes it
i tried the hulu plus free one week trial. didn't last 30 minutes and cancelled. way too many ads and it's extremely annoying_ i got 5 minutes into a show and had to watch 4 minutes of ads. i like netflix way better_
i like because it has shows that netflix doesn't have but i have one problem with the ads i don't really care for them but i hate it when there's a lot of them because it interfers with my show.
why are people complaining about the ads_ stop thinking this is netflix. it's not yeah netflix doesn't have ads but it doesn't have all the shows i want to watch on their my family has hulu_ and netflix. i love hulu and netflix. compare it to actual cable. hulu does not have as many ads that last a long time. i think you can survive 1_2 minutes of ads all together on the one episode. it is better than having 5 minutes of ads you can watch what you want when you want.
why am i forced to watch 5 ads in a 30 minute program if i am paying to use your service. if your forcing ads down our throats then your service should be free to use. secondly, the amount of buffering your service has is atrocious. i could be streaming in a 4g area and still have to buffer every 1 or 2 minutes. netflix doesn't have this problem, why do you_ don't use this service. it is literally not worth it.
i think that if you pay for it you shouldn't have ads thats my opinion whats the whole point in paying for something if you get ads when your in the best part of ur show and its like you've been waiting for that one part and then like 3 ads ome on _ bro really
for tablets they want you to pay for the privilege of being bombarded with ads.
i enjoy watching the latest episodes of my favorite shows but the constant freezing of the video or lack of video is annoying. i can hear the show but not watch it. i also can't stand all the ads. i thought the whole point behind paying a subscription was to get rid of the ads.
5 stars if it didn't have ads.
those of you complaining about ads should feel free to pay out the nose for cable subscriptions in order to get what you want to watch. i, for one, am glad to save over _100 a month by not having cable. i pay _60_mo. for internet and have a router for wifi. i have a wii and a roku stick to watch netflix, hulu and cbs all access and pay _25_mo. for all 3 and get to see everything i need too and more. the only thing i cant see is my nascar races..but i just follow on fb to see who wins..go jimmie 48_
the videos never load. it's just a black screen after the ads. if it worked for me it would get 5 stars
i needed to research on reality tv. just to watch one 43 mins episode took me more than 2 hrs. every time it got to the 3_4mins of ads, suddenly the screen went black but still heard sound. had to stop the show. then go back into for another 10 mins of show. then started process over again. so irritating and disappointing. i will delete after trial unless fixed.
so many ads, you guys even put them on your original shows. why_ netflix dosent have any ads.
i'm a paying member of hulu and cancelled my subscription today due to the ads. if we pay for it there are no need for ads.. it just ruins the show for me.
this is garbage. i pay for my subscription and honestly i didn't mind the ads at all, but that was when they would only be 30 seconds long. now i have to go through 90 seconds of ads every 5 minutes_ wtf_ i'm cancelling my subscription. this company is greedy and deserves to go out of business.
besides the advertisements and buffering, it great_ _
started the week trial and as soon as the first ad gets ready to end an error appears that says strange contact support or try again
was gonna complain about the ads but then thought watching 3 or 4 thirty second ads for a 40 min show is not nearly as bad as the 2_3 min of ads cable or satellite puts on every 15 mins. i'm ok with this. great selection.
what's the point of paying if you still have to deal with ads that's the reason why you pay so you won't have to deal with those annoying ads nice marketing hulu smh
every show on her is old except like 3. no newer seasons of anything no good movies and i pay for hulu plus _ its sad. im switching to netflix. and wayyy to many ads.
y am i going to pay swme price as netfix an watch ads i think not
the seasons for american dad and fam guy are old why_ and there are so much ads cmon .
i love this app but way to much ads lol
too many ads.  too many ads.  too many ads.
it's a really nice app, the ads are annoying though
if there was no ads it would get a 5 stars and i might keep it
i can't even get through the first 5 minutes without skipping. crashes constantly after each ad break.  that's unfortunate.
i pay for this and i get ads.. hulu dose not work on the galaxy s5 5.0.1 but works fine on the nexus 5 4.4.4..
wonderful service. with this, you do not need to pay the outrageous costs of cable, satellite service. it has everything you could possibly imagine and a huge variety of shows, movies and selections. it streams beautifully. and it organized nicely. nothing else compares. and to the people slamming on it for throwing ads at you during the free trial.... well duh_ it's a free trial_ they don't do that once you become a paying member. that's how they're able to fund the trials_ great app_
i downloaded this app and started my so called free trial only to catch up on arrow from the cw network. upon installing and signing up, to my disappointment, it only had 6 episodes from season 3. the same 6 episodes that are on the cw app to watch for free without a subscription. cancelled my trial and uninstalled immediately. hulu will not be getting any money from me or anyone i can tell to avoid this scam. clicking on netflix now and enjoying ad free content. you suck hulu.
would be a 5 but showtime is not available on devices web only. and most current season are not available for channel like fx and mtv just back logs. then there are the syfy channel shows that are advertising ever 2min  but on hulu only clips are available. i think i will keep cable tv. they cost more but at least they have full current shows that can be watched on any device.
take off all the ads and commercial that very stupid
there with and error message popping up. most tv episodes are only to 2014. only a few tv shows have current or 2015 episodes. will cancel subscription if july does not fix buffering problems. are more ads with a paid subscription than watching free. watching episodes is constant buffering which results in it stopping
awesome job of bombarding me with ads to 'add showtime now' _ the making it super annoying to actually do.   maybe download the kindle ap and read any business book ever.  they all have chapters about 'if you want to sell somebody something, make it easy for them to buy it.'
and not full seasons. just some episodes. entire seasons of shows missing too. if i pay i expect no ads.
didn't have full season s of shows.  missing the last 2 1_2 seasons of adam_12.  really don't want to pay to watch the ads.
are there ads on hulu plus, if it were free i could understand the ads but im paying a monthly subscription, should be ad free
honestly, it would be great if, well, you can actually watch videos for free. the ad said it was free when suddently...bam_ just kidding, you have to upgrade other wise you can only see 4 minuite clips. dont waste your time. it doesnt even have the tv shows we love.
it would be fine if it wernt for all the ads. i'm already paying for the service. i should be able to at least watch 1 episode without an ad breaking up the plot.
hulu has good shows but a bad layout. it has a terrible looking player screen. it always freezes when ads come up. it says its buffering and nwver moves on. could be better
i love hulu plus,  very good. but the ads are so annoying.  i want them off. i'm not paying for ads hulu_
i'm new to hulu. but i must say that i am very disappointed. for _7.99 a month there shouldn't be this many ads and it shouldn't freeze up every twenty seconds. i think i will cancel after my free trial.
still on the free trial and to many ads. why pay for it when you can pay for netflix. and netflix is easy to use and better for kids and no ads. it's dumb will not be renewing.
i don't see whay you can watch american tv shows without ads but when i try and watch anime there's lots of ads.......i don't like it
keeps force closing and i'm seeing in the reviews it's the ads. well i'm afraid it's not and will continue to do this, which is extremely frustrating. i'm not subscribing for that reason. and this is a highly addressed and noted issue that is not being fixed. no thanks. i'll stick with netflix
i hate that i pay for this and have to watch several ads for things i'm never going to buy or are even relevant to me in the slightest. it is annoying to see the same commercial 10_ times in a row too. it would get 5 stars from me if the paid membership came with no ads. htc 510
i now have to pay for hulu... on top of that i still have to watch the ads that load with no problem but the videos don't load at all. what the hell hulu
ads everywhere_ way too much_ one would be good but 3_5 every episode is too much. and we can't even skip them. gave 3 stars for movie variety. you have better movie choices versus netflix. that's why i prefer you guys but at least give us a skip option for the ads
i just signed up for the free month, in the first show i went to i had 9 ads before and during the first 10 minutes of show.....good bye...i don't pay for ads_
it has to many ads and right in the middle of a show an ad pops up. plus it only has 4 seasons of dragon ball z
i would give it a 5 star but to many ads fix plz
the commercials ruin it all. we pay, so we dont have to wait for commercials and be attacked by ads. so, if possible _ that should be the number one priority of hulu.
paying for it but the ads make it useless_
see i have both netflix and hulu. hulu is only good cause they have new episodes and the current seasons of shows. otherwise i wouldn't be paying for ads. the buffering is annoying
the selection is great, but there are too many ads interrupting the shows. i pay for the service, why get greedy shove 4 ads down my throat between every commercial break_
i love the cartoons from the 60's to the 80's and the horror films is good, it could be alot better without the ads.
i like the app but dang the buffering and the loading has to be fixed. my internet is good especially with a top notch router. i don't mind the ads gives me time to take a break without missing anything. to lazy to pause_
i went reading through reviews and wow, hulu and the app can't be at fault if your problem is it's buffering and loading, that's your internet service and connection. i don't run into any problems of the sort, for a free trial of anything you have to expect ads because how else would it get funded since people don't want to pay for it and for the most part the ads on hulu are about hulu and other shows or trailers for movies that are coming out soon.
2 stars because i watch the free shows and a lack of a lock on my volume levels lets me mute ads
i played for huilu plus but i ended up having ads on everything but the movies, the whole reason someone pays for an app like this is to get rid of ads, would appreciate it if you fixed this. its not good for your business just saying
ads keep buffering forever then just closes....
i signed up for a full membership so i'd have another option for shows besides netflix. it wasn't bad at first _ the consistent interruptions for _buffering_ but after about 2_3 weeks i can't go more than 2_3 minutes without interruptions. even worse, it has progressed to fully crashing as others have noted. today, i couldn't finish one program because every time it came to the same ad stop it crashed. also i have to agree _ to many ads for paying customers_ if other sites manage why doesn't hulu_ 4 total ad blocks per 30 minute program  with up to 60 seconds each for _7.99_ doesn't sound bad now but it gets irritating fast. i doubt i'll keep hulu. bottom line nice price but the service is becoming not worth it.
people gripe about the commercial quantity but they don't consider cost savings. yeah there are commercials but there are way less than cable. plus, you get current shows the day or so after they air and you don't need a 100_ dollar a month cable bill. quit the griping and learn economics. those commercials keep the monthly membership cost down since the advertisers pay for that time slot. love the app and the fact that there are all the shows that i watch. plus the 90_ dollar savings that come with it_
bad only plays ads then buffers and nothing plays. galaxy s6
i have the note 4, every time there's a commercial it works fine_ but as soon as the ads are over it buffers then says hulu has unfortunately stopped. if this doesn't get fixed soon i'm canceling my subscription. i don't own anything  other than android and i don't have a personal computer _why when i have this phone_ , this is my only way of watching it so if this isn't fixed i'm done with hulu.
it is free for standard and if i have mobile data, i can watch my fave shows anywhere_ sure it has a couple of ads but it is worth it_ no other app does this. thanks hulu.
the main problem with this app is that when i'm watching a movie or a show it randomly crashes, sometimes in the middle of ads causing me to watch all the ads over again.
we have been hulu plus members for a while. hulu works great on the roku but on the android ap it closes several times every time there is an ad so you'll watch a few min of your show get 10 seconds into a commercial then _unfortunately hulu has stopped working_ so you sign back in resume your show it repeats the last 5 seconds you saw of your show then 10 seconds into the commercial it again closes. does this until i get annoyed and go to netflix or amazon prime video
every time the ad starts it freezes  and it is very annoying i do not recommend this, i've switch to netflix.
i will be going back to netflix after trial is over. i can get all this thru my cable without the commercials and no commercials on netflix is a huge plus. why would you pay for ads a 30min show with 10 min of ads get real_
have you ever wanted to pull your hair out, whilst ramming your head into a wall_ no_ the download this app. i promise, after multiple, consistent freezes, and so many ads cable will look good again, you will want your skull smashed. i don't understand why this is so difficult for hulu. they literally could just copy netflix or amazon prime and it would be 100x better. stay away_
i am very pleased with hulu's selection of shows, but the number of ads and their duration seems to have increased in recent years. i would hope that you might consider tiered services so customers can choose to pay a higher premium to reduce the advertising. thank you very much for your service.
i am very pleased with hulu's selection of shows, but the number of ads and their duration seems to have increased in recent years. i would hope that you might consider tiered services so customers can choose to pay a higher premium to reduce the advertising. thank you very much for your service.
another reason not to use hulu. need to pay just to be able to stream content to the chromecast. as if the copious amounts of advertisements aren't enough for fund such a simple and basic functionality. this is exactly why i have always disliked hulu, it's focused on making money more than it is on providing content and a functioning app.
this was awesome to use on my note 4 until it started messing up. everytime an ad comes up it starts buffering and doesnt stop until it brings up an error message that hulu has just stopped. this happens everytime and i am paying for this. just updated the app today and still having the same problem. please fix this and i will give more stars and keep my subscription.
take the ads off of this app
there are too many ads. and alot of the episodes of the anime shows i like are in a different language. it would be nice to watch every avaliable episode and hear the characters speak english instead of japanese.
i agree with most of y'all who want the ads to go away_ why should we be seeing ads if we're monthly paying customers.
the ads are irritating,  i pay not to have all those ads.. 1 or 2 in the beginning is not bad,  but they've become ridiculous_  thinking of dropping hulu unless they rethink all the ads they've added..
ads are way too long now....and somehow i'm paying for this_
i loved this app when i first paid for it.. not so much any more_ for 1 the ads are getting out of hand theres way too many _i also have netflix theres no ads_ 2 its not up to date enough_ it will have season 3 of a show but not 1 _ 2 or seasons 1_4 but not 5 _ 6. it needs help_ thinking of canceling my membership.
would be 5 but,how do you pay for plus and still see ads, really_ doesn't make sense,and its just as many as free. will stick to free version.
why am i paying to watch ads
well first of all there are too many ads for even a short 15 min episode, one for the beginning is completely understandable, knowing hulu. next, i feel like hulu plus does not keep up to date with releases. finally a lot of the beginning episodes are missing for a large selection of shows, it's very incomplete. that's the general cons, but at least the more common low rating shows are still there.
what's with all the ads i pay to subscribe to watch ad free or so i thought if u can get rid of them it would b great if not at least lessen them to the beginning or the end please
streaming was great only for the first few days,  also why can't i chose to view one long ad instead of 5 commercial breaks. i pay for streaming service to get away from all these breaks.... oh and these bogus ads don't even load as fast because all of them are automatically high quality even though i followed your apps advice and switched to a lower quality. jesus guys, 5 commercial breaks for a half hour show, 9 freaking minutes of bs i didn't pay to watch. 1 star
there was too many ads
speed, quality, and enjoyment in every video.... i especially like how there are indicators that show you when the next advertisement will come... but the bug that i mentioned is that sometimes advertisements pop up out of nowhere when it isn't even time for it yet. thank you hulu studios. _
it was so very hard to start my free trial of hulu plus, i was about to give up. i had to do it a certain way on my phone so i can get the trial. so far it looks like i will keep my membership going_ i am not in to many shows, but this is great_ 4 stars because there are ads. there needs to be a way to remove them, then i will give 5 stars_
biggest waste of money zero selection. it's like they found every movie or tv show _with a few exceptions_ no one ever wants to watch and make you pay for it. oh and on top of that you're forced to watch the same advertisement every 5_6 minutes. i wouldn't have given it this one star if it didn't make me
but i hate the ads theres 5 ads total and they come ever second _ and its like 2mins each ad i was constering going back to netflix
i enjoy using this app to watch my favorite shows,but most of the times when ads come in,it just stops_ it always says _buffering_ but it never goes back. please fix this and i will most defiantly change my review from 3 stars to 5 stars.
there are two many ads. it would be much better if there was a skip button on the adds
seriously, i'm paying for the service already, why do you need so many ads_ as soon as an ad tries to load it usually crashes the app. i end up spending time it would take to play the episode just to get past one ad. fix it_
ads work perfectly. shows don't work at all.
ruined by intrusive ads
keeps crashing and lagging. spent over half an hour trying to watch 1 show. all i ended up seeing was the starting ad and theme song 3 times.
false advertising
this app is horrible. the desktop browser version is much nicer. the android app crashes, disconnects from the chromecast and fails to actually stop playing when you disconnect. it will continue to play until the season is over. i'm sure this rakes in a ton of ad revenue, especially every episode you click needs to play 3 ads, then when it didn't remember your last position in the episode it will play 3 more ads when you seek to where you were. or if does it does bookmark, it's because you were 3 seconds from the end, so you'll have 3 ads, 3 seconds of credits, then 3 more ads before you can do anything about it. and when i say 3 ads it's usually 3 ads repeated. god awful to actually watch a season in a sitting. get it together hulu, we already paid you, at least get a wider selection of ads_ your hack programmers could take a page from netflix's book. they can make a stellar browser app and their chromecast app is flawless.
this app requires a paying subscription, i'm okay with that. the fact that even when i have to pay for the service i get ads in my videos is not right. similar services, like netflix, won't show ads. on top of that, during one episode, half the time _if not more_, i'm looking at a buffering screen. the last thing that upset me about it is that i can't simultaneously use it on multiple devices. definitely not worth my money.
i like how you guys made where you can watch a 1_50 minute ad for in return youll have your show addd free thank you so much for that i personally loved it but only if u could do that for every video and show it would be wonderful
streaming was great only for the first few days,  also why can't i chose to view one long ad instead of 5 commercial breaks. i pay for streaming service to get away from all these breaks.... oh and these bogus ads don't even load as fast because all of them are automatically high quality even though i followed your apps advice and switched to a lower quality. jesus guys, at least give me the one long ad option like on ps3 and ill rate 5 _
to many ads
why have ads when i pay for the service_ when ads are removed i'll give a better rating. it seems greedy to me
i'm staying with netflix. they don't have ads after you've already paid for the subscription.
plus still has ads. chromecast support should be free. overall not impressed.
continuous crashing, frequently not getting past advertiments.
i have almost all of the shows that i do like, but... i missing my favorite shows like burn notice, ncis la, and scorpion_ and also it lags... alot_ and, the ads need to leave hulu_ its so annoying when i wanna catch upon my shows_ they get in the way so please fix and i will rate 5 stars_
the ads upset me.... but other than that i'm fine.
it a wonderful app but one thing i don't like about it it has a lot of ads
suddenly, i can't play any shows on my galaxy s6. the app loads fine, i can go to a show page, select an episode, and the ad even plays. but then the screen goes black, the timer won't start and nothing plays.  will change my rating once this is fixed because right now, it's useless to me.
devs, can you please fix the issue where exiting out of the app midway through a show takes me back to the beginning when i try to resume. it happens daily and i'm sick of sitting through ads just to get back to the place where i left off. i won't be paying for this service much longer if it keeps happening.
hulu app doesn't load ads and it constantly crashes and won't load the video. this hulu app ain't worth squat until they fix this bug...
give me an option to pay more for ad free, and i would be in tv heaven.  or at least just a few at the beginning then straight thru...work with me people.
no 5 stars because the ads need to go
ads are horrible...i'm paying for the selection of new shows, not the selections of the commercial reruns. ridiculous. think i'll just stick with netflix
see i have both netflix and hulu. hulu is only good cause they have new episodes and the current seasons of shows. otherwise i wouldn't be paying for ads.
i love it so much i dont care it has ads
it loads every few seconds _netflix doesn't_, and the ads not only don't play correctly _which i don't care about the ads_ causing the show to not come back at all afterwards, just stuck on a black screen that says loading. and then there's also no ability to stop it _which i can with netflix if it gets stuck_, but rather i have to reboot my chromecast to get it to stop, then restart the show again, and then it sometimes doesn't start where it left off at, but all the way back at the beginning_ please fix_
with all the ads, it should be free like pandora. charging the same as 'commercial free', better quality netflix is almost criminal.
i don't like the ads but there is so many more shows then netflix but at least netflix has no ads because there is ads every 3_8 minutes on hulu
more ads than a superbowl 1_2 time...
there may be more of a selection of shows than on netflix but we are paying for hulu just like netflix so what's up with all the ads for one_ two, i like my anime and the like so most of my shows have to be dubbed or have subtitles. i enjoy the dubs, i dislike the fact that once i get 2 or 3 seasons in on most shows and the dubbed episodes start skipping. dub ep 1,2,3,6,8,12. why not just get all the episodes dubbed
the app periodically crashes and  there's an intermittent buffering issue after an hour or so of play. i keep having to open the android application manager to clear the cache. the ads are poorly integrated into the video _ occasionally cut out parts of scenes. also, why are there 6 or 8 ads per hour long tv show, half of which are advertising hulu plus when we already pay a the hulu plus monthly subscription_ _cancelled subscription, little to no improvement with app over past several months_
the app periodically crashes and  there's an intermittent buffering issue after an hour or so of play. i keep having to open the android application manager to clear the cache. the ads are poorly integrated into the video _ occasionally cut out parts of scenes. also, why are there 6 or 8 ads per hour long tv show, half of which are advertising hulu plus when we already pay a the hulu plus monthly subscription_ _cancelled subscription, little to no improvement with app over past several months_
why ads if i pay for it
you pay for a subscription and you get bombarded with ads. also, my amazon fire tv stick app is glitchy... every few minutes the app will freeze on a frame but the sound of the show will continue.... turning into a tedious job to play anything.... waste of your money
i dont even even have ads anymore _
ads suck.
folks complain about ads, yet pay more for cable_satellite. that's not the problem. hulu only having the last few episodes of shows they carry is the problem. every season, every show is the expectation, period.
wtf why i have to watch ads when i'm paying to watch movies or shows pls remove ads its annoying we're paying its not free
ads work, then black screen with buffering...
plays ads just fine, then messages _hulu has stopped working_, or goes back to tablet home screen with no explanation.
i have this on mostly every device and love it. only problem is that it doesn't allow me to add the showtime add on. it advertise it but no option to get it. please tell me how to get this.
like really, hulu i'm paying to watch ads and the ability to watch my programs that is equivalent to a vcr tape because i'm constantly told to lower video quality on both my 4glte _ wifi. ugh, this is frustrating as it takes an hour and 1_2 to watch a one hour show due to buffering and shutdowns.
i really dont understand why they expect us to pay for ads. personally i think if they want to make money with ads they should make nonsubscribers watch them. if you pay for the service that should be enough monitary support. i'll stick with my ad free netflix. thx
1st of all. ads. i pay 8 bucks a month y i gotta see em_ 2. why do u feel u have to block certain devices like minix. i pay my fees and watch ur dumb ads and u think u have the right to choose how i run services i pay for via money and ads. get ur crap together before i cancel my subscription
smooth, awesome selection. but the ads... the ads_ anyway still 5_'s for sure but cant i just pay more to have ad free_ please.
plays the hulu advertisements fine but locks up after playing them. will not play the video. hp tablet
this is a serious issue. the ads lag and then hulu is in a continuous _loading_ loop that doesn't stream hulu via  chromecast  a serious inconvenience _
i love hulu. but i give them a three star because of the non stop advertising. please remove that or stop charging, i don't pay to watch commercials i can do that on tv. remove it and i'll bump it up to five star.
6 minutes of ads per show.. sometimes more. wtaf
wish there was less ads
can't watch next day  unless your cable company partners with them. slightly deceitful advertising on their part. if was actually next day streaming i would give it 5 stars
you guys are fully aware that this app does not work properly on android devices. your protocols on video feed with your ads is wrong _ obviosly. most of the feedback i read _ has the same thing to say _ constant buffering _ always when the ads come up. lazy admin _ and dont care attitude ... sounds like hulu to me.
it has lots of ads i only use this to watch south park.
i love hulu and its even better with showtime as an add on with no ads. since hbo now just came out for android and all other devices i'll wait for hulu to add hbo as an add on.
crashes on every ad.
the drawback to this app is.. ads_  netflix has none_ i'm paying for this service, i'd at least like to watch a show without be bombarded with ads.. take a cue from netflix, get rid of the ads_  i'm paying for this streaming service, i'd like to watch without enduring ads every time i want to watch a show.. when i try to click forward or backwards.. i have to see another ad_
way too many ads for what they charge, and keeps restarting show if i have to minimize app, and of course makes you rewatch the ads. plus now auto play not working
i wouldve given 5 stars. i have had hulu for 5 months and it was working great. i updated the app a few days ago and ever since the only thing that will play are the ads. the shows wont play anymore. im paying for a service i cant use and im about to get a major refund if it doesnt get fixed. you take your money out every month on time. but now i cant watch anything_ pay up_
okay so the only thing wrong with this app...is that the advertisements get longer and longer....why can't they be below 90 i dont want to wait 1 min. and 30 sec. just for part of the show to load...shame
the shows that i want to see are incompleate and i hate the ads. why if i am paying for a service i have to see ads_ change that and maybe i will re_install it.
they have no good movies and they have long ads . hulu should just give up.
if you dont want ads popping up go to netflix its better quality and it doesn't fail. like hulu if i could rate no stars i would most deff i feel is everyone got rid of the app they would fix it with less ads they dont care with ppl paying for it
people say bad stuff about the ads, but paying _8 a month and getting far more than i would for_100 from a cable company and not even a10th of the commercials. i not complaining. cord cutter all the way. however, the reason for not giving 5 stars is i seam to have issues with it on all my devises. my smart tv, phones, roku and xbox one. it wants to stop half way through a show sometimes, and tell me there's a problem. i have 110_mps down and 10_mbs up. so my speeds are fine. either way, i love hulu. thanks
i hate how many ads there are. this is a service i pay for i don't want ads every ten seconds. one in the beginning i mite be okay with but there are so many.
keeps crashing before ads load or after ads play been 2 weeks with this problem
i can't believe they want me to pay for service and then make me watch ads. i will stay with netflix thank you very much. then they give me the lame excuse of, in order to keep cost low we need to run ads. i have an idea why don't all the exec's take a paycut_ stick with netflix. no ads_
i love watching east los high and other things except the ads. the ads are annoying
i used to love hulu plus and it would work all the time now everytime i go to try and watch a show it will get through the advertisement with no problem then when it gets to the actual show it won't play the screen just goes black.
netflix is the same price with no ads. if you're going to charge the same, but still include commercials, the least you could do is provide me with quality streaming. i have a full lte signal and still have to suffer through buffering 20 times in each show. there is no buffering on netflix. if you don't fix this i'm going to cancel my subscription and tell everyone how your service is crap.
u could work on them ads i mean take them out when i say that
so many ads back to back and system crashes many times but ads always play no problem.
raise the subscription by _2.00 lose the advertising.
i used this once yesterday had no problem with it at all. i didn't mind the ads i was just so excited they had the third season of my show. i go to watch today and it will load but nothing will play. please fix this irritating problem
love hulu but can only give 4 stars. i'll give it 5 stars if premium accounts didn't get ads. i'm already paying you why do i have to watch ads too_ no ads on netflix... just saying
pay to watch ads. good job. i'm going back to netflix_ bye.
i tried to cancel and they try to retain you so bad_ i had to basically create an account to cancel my 7 day trial_ too many ads to_
i used to watch it all the time but all of a sudden since april i haven't been able to watch anything but the initial ad. at first i couldn't even do that but here recently i was finally able to at least watch the first ad. but nothing else_ i have it on my computer and ps3 but what about on the go_ i want to be able to watch hulu when i'm not at home_ please fix this i love hulu. i watch it everyday on my ps3. i use a galaxy note3.  please fix this_
ads work perfectly. shows don't work at all.
i used to love hulu plus and it would work all the time now everytime i go to try and watch a show it will get through the advertisement with no problem then when it gets to the actual show it won't play the screen just goes black.
i bit the bullet and signed up for the paid service but i wanna cancel it now because of the ads.  it's atrocious_
the ad's are very annoying
i need a place to catch up. i can't afford hulu plus. i don't have that extra money. you can make hulu plus to just get rid of ads or such. unfortunately, i have to delete.
its terrible_ it freezes up all the time on the ads. we thought it was our internet but we have never had any problem watching netflix.
only had an account for 6 minutes. long enough to find that i was essentially paying for hulu to market crap to me for their advertisers. nnnnnope.
hate to pay for a service and get bombed in ads. i will stick with netflix.
so much ads, i already deleted it. really blury and has bad quality. i hate it_
the ads are annoying please remove them
it's like cable, i thought we grew past this. why do i pay a monthly fee and still get ads especially with _plus_. offer a plan without ads. netflix is winning.
really there is ads when you pay for this remove ads for paid users and i will consider again
the show loads but ads wont load and it won't let me watch anything
i hate the frickin' ads.
love to give it five stars but it stops working after each advertisement.
amazing the only thing i hate is the ads but that doesnt matter it is still amazing
select a video and it crashes before the 1st ad even plays. nonfunctional....and i'm paying for this_
hulu as a service throws to many ads into every show. netflix no ads, illegally watching online no ads. the difference of the two_ at least one way i am paying for the entertainment. sure i'm paying for the entertainment on hulu as well, but why pay and get ads when i can not pay and have no ads. i strongly believe in supporting the shows and giving money back. but hulu has too many big contracts, forcing plus members to get ads, on top of monthly bills. the ads kill the service.
i love hulu. the variety is amazing and the quality is great, but it's time to talk about the ads. why do i have to watch ads_ hulu plus members shouldn't be subjected to ads. i've always said that my television needs could be satisfied with hulu and netflix, but that may no longer be true. every time i get on hulu i always dread the constant ads, and i'm sick of it. hulu needs to change this, and it's only fair that they eliminate the ads for those who pay for the service, otherwise, what am i paying for_
it's not too bad the only thing i don't like is that i am 2 to 3 episodes behind.  when you guys clearly advertise that you can watch shows the day before or the day of.  that's a lie it takes up to a week or two to update. by that time a new episode has aired.  disappointed.  get it together please. my apps update on time so that's not it. please fix_
ads, and the buffering show ... it's all it is, since the recent update...
ads crash the app on phone and blu_ray player. same issue on 2 devices, that's an app problem. and hulu, don't respond back and say contact support, i'm it_software engineer professional. i've done my troubleshooting.
it sent a email saying i have showtime. it says  i have access to all of there content. there's a advertisement on there home page saying showtime is on hulu now. but when i go to the studio list. no showtime. i'm new to hulu, but you guys kind of suck so far.
but the online version ads are just black if i have to watch the ads i'd like to see them
no show_movie will load. ads will play without a problem but that's about all the works after the recent version update.
its pretty good, it has lots of my favorite tv shows but it has way to much ads it gets annoying and u need to pay the same amount for netflix but netflix doesnt have ads so really i would watch netflix better
where is season 2 of _murder in the first_ _ it is already on season 2 episode 5 smfh, all these commercial ads i am paying for... this is ridiculous_ love _ hip hop update once every 2 to 3 wks. this is absurd and a rip off... consider your customer reviews or lose customers_
i am paying for ads.
i love hulu and the app is great_ i have it on my phone, tablet, and blu_ray player. i use hulu nearly every day. the only downside i hate paying for something monthly and getting ads and it seems like the ads have gotten longer and more frequent idk maybe it's just me. but i can't stand having to watch ads more times on an app i pay for than i would on tv for free.
i like the content but why do i pay _8ish a month and get ads every 5 minutes_ netflix doesn't have ads
ads don't bother me _ but the buffering is insane_ i can watch 6 hours of netflix with no buffering vs 5 minutes of hulu and its buffered 2 times please fix
it has 4 episodes of season three of arrow, also i pay 8 or 9 dollars,can you please get rid of the ads,netflix is way better,you get a free month trial instead of 1 week,you have all episodes and more season,and zero ads at all,i'll give 5 stars if you add every episode and remove the adds,i'd rather waste 8 dollars in netflix which is way better,so not worth spending money on this if its full of adds everywhere,the biggining of a show_movie has adds,during a movie_show an add apesrs every now and then
the advertisements every few minutes are frustrating...why can't hulu be ad free like netflix_  other than that, i like hulu.
the advertisements every few minutes are frustrating...why can't hulu be ad free like netflix_  other than that, i like hulu.
i love this app but it's not working. nothing is playing but the ads. it's working on google cast but when i try to watch it on my phone, it doesn't work for some reason. please fix_
i don't mind the ads at this point. what really irritates me is, say you just finished watching an ad, then you press the home button, when you return to hulu, the episode goes back to the section before the ad. this makes it so you have to watch the ad twice. the worst is when i'm on the last section of an episode and i press the home botton, when i return the episode plays from the beginning, and i have to watch an ad once again. does this only happen to me_
paying for content, not ads. current ads are racist and offensive.
you'll end up watching more ads than you will actual tv shows, and movies.
this app used to work great, but now it won't let me finish a show. when the first ad comes on the show restarts from the beginning. then when i go to fast forward to the next part it won't let me. it just plays another ad and then starts from the beginning again. won't let me rewind either. this is becoming very frustrating_ downloaded the new app and it does the same thing. samsung tablet.
i don't see the purpose for the ads. that's why we would pay a monthly subscription.
i love this app but if we pay for it there should be no ads.
a lot of shows to choose from but waiting for ads when you are a paying customer is enough to cancel out the enjoyment of watching the shows. as a new hulu customer paying for multiple ads during one show is very frustrating.
never any good horror movies and way too many ads ..long ads at that even on hulu plus
love the service and works great with chromecast. don't love the ad's but i understand why they are present. i wish this service would work on my ps4 though. hasn't been working for 4 days now.
when i have cell signal, this works well. still lags and need option to skip ad after a  few seconds of viewing. also, rewind option tends to freeze the app. lg optimus, latest update.
first off, i hate the ads, i pay the same for netflix with no ads. and to add on to that it's the same annoying ads with the same annoying people. i can't stand the peepshow one, it's like the guy mouths the words before he speaks them and just creeps me out. also if i pause it and then come back to it, whatever show i'm watching starts all over which means i have to watch the same annoying ad in the beginning and then at least once more until i get back to where i was. hulu you could be so great, step up
so many ads please make it stop xc their  attacking
you have to watch all the ads.
too many fricking ads. i'd rather pay for the episodes on amazon and watch my shows in peace.  so annoying.  i would pay more to opt out or have to endure significantly less corny ads over and over. it takes all the joy out of relaxing by watching a good show. ruined my friday night...gee thanks.
ad's ad's ad's everywhere
this is the most retarded app i have ever seen ......i signed up for the free trial and was going to pay for this service but found that every video have 4_5 2min adds that can not be skipped ...really hulu why would i pay to see ads in videos yall should check out this new site called youtube same thing only its free honestly  get your sh_t together theres a reason why netflix has 10 times as many downloads
keeps buffering and playing ads while tv show is playing_ fix and you'll receive  5 stars
to start off, almost every 5 min you get and ad. this is a service i'm payinf for so why should i be interrupted by ads so often. last, it does not save my shows where i stopped watching. i'm halfway through an episode and if i close it, next time i open it it starts from the beginning...
good selection of shows, but i hate that there are ads on a service i pay for. i would rather use netflix, but there are some shows on hulu that netflix doesn't have.
i got hulu for the fact that i did not have to watch ad's anymore with a a paid subscription and mobile reasons. but man was i wrong on the fact of no more ad's when i subscribe. hulu plus is supposed to be ad free for paying members. be warned on that when you subscribe after you download
sick of the commercials. as soon as some other company figures out how to offer me ad free episodes of my favorite shows i will cancel my subscription and never look back. the ap itself is fine though, i never seem to have issues with it on my phone or smart tv.
expecting steinfeld to tempt me to pay is funny. to advertise  steinfeid on every free tv service is pathetic.
but it is payed app and makes you watch ads every 5 minutes. a payed app should not have ads remove them and many people will be allot happier then they are now.
i don't like how you have to watch ads.
f_ hulu it sucks. why have ads if you're going to charge the same or more money than netflix_ sure there's a lot of shows but still there are about 6 billion ads each episode
the reason why it has ad's because it help's pay for the show's we watch. if u don't like a ad it gives u the option to exchange it or if it doesn't have anything to do with u. i like this app i've had this app for five years it's a good app.
to much ads
it freezes often when loading ads but playback is almost always smooth on my connection.... ads are ok but i'd like less of them with certain shows.
if you took the ads off it would be 5 stars.
i used to be able to watch on my galaxy note 4 but after that last update it just plays the ads and no show_ please fix otherwise i'm canceling my subscription_
i'm kind of getting tired of the ads. i've used hulu a while now and i've gotten used to the ads now, some were a minute long and it took away the ads for a whole show, and some didn't. but now to have 3 long ads each and every time that's just dumb. really_
it has all my favorite shows but way to many ads
whenever i want to watch anything, only the ads play and not the original shows_movies i want to watch.  after the ads are done, the screen goes blank.  same thing happens when i fast forward, ads play, shows movies don't. please fix.
it's not that great not all seasons on certain shows and episodes would like to watch from the beginning and the ads don't get me started unscribe
ads, paying for ads_ what happened to free, the hulu i started with was free and was going to stay that way, now they want us to just pay for ads, not happening_
waist of my _8 all i'm paying for is commercials. netflix wouldn't allow this to happen which is why they have 5 stars and if i could pick no stars to post this i would but unfortunately it made me choose one... too many ads_ the ads freeze_ oh and why would you post seasons like 6 and 7 and don't have seasons 1,2,3,4, and 5... what is wrong with yall this is a great disappointment_ honestly i'm ashamed to say that i've even invested _8 in this mess.... terrible_
app won't play any shows just ad then freezes.  emailed tech support and they just blame internet connection despite this just happening after using app for months.
all the ads make this horrible
while they have a good selection, i simply refuse to pay to watch ads. also find it ridiculous that to be able to use things like chromecast you have to upgrade, total crock. thanks, but no thanks. i'm gonna stick with amazon and netflix, thank you very much.
used to love this app_ since the major networks have pulled their best shows from hulu for paid viewing i am dumping hulu. can you say tivo _49 receiver_ over the air viewing from any where, live or recorded _4 tuners_, and skip over ads for _15 per month_ waiting for hbo now to complete my stream system_
it would be nice to remove ads for paying members
my only problem with this app is that when i'm watching a movie or a show it randomly crashes, sometimes in the middle of ads causing me to watch all the ads over again.
too many ads. they charged me 2times each month.i'll stay with netflix
with that many ad's should be free
what could be better than watching tv in hd for 8 bucks a month. and there's far less ads than on demand. don't forget to chromecast
is the samsung galaxy note pro 12.2 version going to be fixed_  the ads work perfectly, yet the shows and movies buffer 100_ non stop
i just wish the ads were a little less. i didn't mind it when it was just like 1 or 2 but i'll get like 5 ads every now and then. plus it's the exactly same ads. it's annoying. also this app force closes on me all the time, randomly and during an episode. that's annoying far more than the ads.
the app works fine, but don't listen to hulu's copy _ paste excuses about the ads. they have them purely for the extra advertising money. although a premium service should not have ads, the content is still top notch and updated regularly.
the app works fine, but don't listen to hulu's copy _ paste excuses about the ads. they have them purely for the extra advertising money. although a premium service should not have ads, the content is still top notch and updated regularly.
it went from 2 ads to 5. made me watch hulu a lot less. loved it be free then,  not so much now
the more you watch the more ads you get, i usually have only 30secs ads but now_guess how much_100_200 secs of ads and there are around 4 ads break in everything you watch.
good app, works well on galaxy s4, nexus 7, and nexus 10. i wish i could double what hulu costs and have no ads.
too much buffering. and an ad started about 5 seconds after. i would rate this 5 stars if this didn't have to buffer every freaking 3 seconds or so_ _
please fix the ad's and stop buffering then i will rate 5 stars
same issues lots of others seem to have, lots of ads when i'm already paying for the service, which wouldn't be bad f that was the only issue. lots of shows don't have every episode.  doesn't play actual show on tv when connected through hdmi, brand new tablet, brand new cable so i know it's not either of those. the ads show up just fine, not the episode itself_ plays fine as soon as you unconnect the cable. doesn't offer the best for kids in my opinion. getting too irritating to keep much longer_
i hate watching ads while watching a show netflix is way better than this piece of work
app frequently fails to load when launching. takes several tries for it to work. you also don't have the option to say that _an ad isn't for you_ like you can on other platforms. i never want to see a seaworld ad again_
wanted to watch a clip from the tonight show..a 30 sec ad came on first..very smooth and quick..then i got the buffering circle waiting for my clip..screen went black, clip never played..hit the back button, another 30 sec ad plays flawlessly..  i have huluplus and netflix on the same phone..and..i have huluplus and netflix on the same smart tv and netflix loads faster, plays smoother on both devices and doesn't have commercials..uninstalled..subsciption cancelled
this app crashes after every advertisement. this app is a waste of time and money
i like that i can watch all my shows but even a couple less ads would be awesome _
i'm not buying any crystal geyser bottled water, so stop showing me the ad.
i love it the app...when i see everybody saying i paid but im geting ads yes u are getting ads but ur getting all the new season .the ads paid for new season and our money.
never had any problems with it and i get to watch my fav. shows without 9_20 min of ads like on regular television.
too many ads and closed caption doesn't work for all shows. netflix much better.
there is a lot of ads but regular tv has commercials so i don't mind it. i have both hulu and netflix for when i am on the go
it won't let you watch anything without upgrading it for _7.50 it sound just advertise _7.50 an not free_
but after my phone updated to latest firmware any time i oping a vid it infinatly buffers and ad. ad never playes so im not able to watch any shows... used to work fine.
i'm sorry that ad thing is really annoying i'll be flexing with netflix
ads suck tho
people complain about the ads, give me a break. even on demand has ads now. i would rather have 1 minute of ads compared to 5 minutes on tv. also, netflix has 1 season _season 2_ of ink master, hulu has them all.  i'm happy_
compression is terrible and they want you to pay them to watch ads. run don't walk far away.
why are we paying for a subscription and still having to watch a ton of ads _which, by the way, have way better streaming quality than the actual shows_ hulu is the worst. switch to netflix.
this takes much much much longer to load than netflix. netflix is instant and i'm lucky if my show even comes on or i just stare at the buffering icon forever. it also has too many ads. i feel like i'm watching more ads than i am the show. make it faster and it might just maybe be worth it for south park.
it will close on its own. has tooooooooo many ads to where it doesn't seem worth it.
so many ads like you gotta reduce this ads even netflix doesn't have ads but this ads is just way to much and for every tv show y does everything has to have so many ads  .all i'm saying is that reduce the ads
i don't know why i have to watch ads if i am paying for the service.. i will be canceling before my free week is up. it would be fine if they showed one ad b4 the show but they play them through the entire show.. if they would raise the price of the subscription to _10 and didn't have ads i would be happy to keep the service.
the ad never even plays it just buffers causing me not see the show_
its alright tbh like it has some shows netflix doesn't have but netflix also has shows hulu doesn't have but tbh i prefer netflix cus hulu has way to many advertisement
i love hulu but what i don't like about is that it shows to many ads in the middle of the movie so how can i enjoy watching a movie with lots of ads keep interrupting so can you fix this so people can enjoy a movie without the ads
it will not work at all i put on an episode and it is an ad then once it is over apparently the show is over if i could i would give it zero stars
for some animated series like inuyasha and sailor moon you began the series having the _sub_  and the _dub_ i find it extremely irritating and completely stupid that you begin the series like that and then suddenly just have the rest of the series in _sub_ idk about other people but i'm paying this damn thing so i expect to be satisfied.  or we can have a little talk about false advertising.  saying how you got what we want.  well guess what you don't.  fix it and do it fast.  bc i want to watch them
the app works fine, but did i mention the ads_ i could tolerate 2, maybe 3, but 5 in a row_ sorry, but not doing it, i refuse to pay for something with that many ads. unsubscribed and uninstalled_
i pay every month, and i have to sit through eight full_length ads every hour_  uh...no. immediately cancelling my subscription. get back to me, hulu, when you either drop the ads or let me watch for free, and we can try again.
i don't mind the ads but they spam them, which is  unnecessarily excessive.plus, although hulu gets episodes of shows when they come out, its less than half of their shows that get updated_ only the really popular ones or the ones that are hulu exclusive get updated regularly._ i mean, where is season 6 of archer_ and why is there no mlp_ i figured they would have covered those._ not to mention they delete entire seasons which is inconvenient for people who want to start new shows.
everytime an ad pops up i get the message _ unfortunately hulu has stopped working. everytime i cant watch anything with that message poping up. don't waste you're time on this crappy app.
good app. doesn't mess up, for me. only thing is tho is all the ads. less ads would be fantastic.
literally the first thing i saw was a 30_second ad before my show even started. after it was done literally the same 30_second ad restarted. screw this thing.
i can't stand all of these ads and every time i try to resume an episode i've already started it takes me back to the begining
i just wish it didn't have so many ads can't that be fixed if you pay_
this is ridiculous. these ads are getting out of control. i mean 8 min at the least for ad time.  suggestion_ if you guys are going  to use that many ads spread them more.  don't cluster them all in one place otherwise more and more people are going to install  me soon if this isn't fixed soon. fix this and i will give 5 stars.  you have at least 2 weeks to respond to this or fix this issue or me me and 3 more people i know will uninstall and never reinstall ever again. we really like hulu so don't ruin it
works on my samsung whatever this old phone is running ics but not the galaxy s5 running lollipop... the actual show_movie will play on the s5 but the ads continuously buffer so i can't watch past the first break.
works on my samsung whatever this old phone is running ics but not the galaxy s5 running lollipop... the actual show_movie will play on the s5 but the ads continuously buffer so i can't watch past the first break
i always go on hulu after school and catch up on new episodes but too many ad's
i used to love hulu and we even pay for a subscription but we're going to switch to another service as i don't like that i pay to watch a bunch of ads...not to mention there is not enough recent content for us.
i have both hulu and netflix i dont mid the ads at all they dont really have much ad for me its like 4 ads for a 30min episode only thing that bugs me is that some seasons are incomplete
seriously, it's like 4 mins of content, 4 minutes of ads. takes an hour to watch a 30 minute show it seems
i have complained about the ads in the past. the hulu rep just told me _maybe hulu isint the service for you_.
to many ads and i ain't about to pay for nothing on an app
crashes all the time, tons of ad's. worst part is if u watch 4 ad's and it crashes on the 4th ad, u have to watch the 4 ad's over again_ garbage
but too many ads
the only reason hulu has ads is because they are trying to keep the price down hulu, unlike netflix has only one plan at about eight dollars plus it has hd too and they add newest episodes everyday too_ netflix only allows hd if you have the second plan and doesnt add episodes until the end of a season mosg of the time.
advertisements...force closes. and it's not just my device, it force closes on my galaxy note 2, my tablet, and my windows 8 laptop.
too many ads
i pay for my subscription and i'm okay with watching ads it's whatever, what has turned me off is that my ads are lagging so much it's now to the point where they freeze before i get to my show and i can't watch any episodes. i am basically paying to watch my tv screen say loading.. if this issue with chrome cast and hulu doesn't get fixed i will have to delete my subscription and let my peers know about the issue. thanks.
to many ads, at least allow more than 1 devices to use hulu.
great, just get rid of the ads
you guys act like 30 second adds are the end of the world get with the program other company's advertise things on other things like netflix and stuff get some lives people and just shut it
i cant watch this when every ad lags and takes like 5 mins to get through f_ck you hulu
i pay for this_ why are there ads
sometimes the ads makes the app close, and when i reopen the app i am forced to watch the ads again.  however i still recommend this app and i hope they will fix this soon.
ads buffee to much
so advertising is what already pays you guys and then you wanna add a charge for using it_ nope. not me. i got 3 commercials in 10 minutes. what a worthless website. ill stick to netflix
you pay to watch adverts
my screen goes black after the opening ad.
i love this app but when i'm watchi ng somthing with short episodes about 25 mins long and there is 4 mins of just ads it's way to much and at the same time i'm paying for this i would rate much higher if it wasn't for the adds
considering going back to netflix. at least no ads and full seasons
so advertising is what already pays you guys and then you wanna add a charge for using it_ nope. not me
one problem not a big fan of all the ads i have to watch but besides that i like it
too many of the ads
i can't watch on my phone because the ads endlessly buffer. i've waited 10 min and it just keeps buffering.. i've got great internet so i know its not that. i don't pay _8_month to get frustrated at your pos app.  please fix.
why would i pay to watch ads_ hulu is greedy and just wants double income_ ad revenue and subscription fees. pure crap, their gluttony will be their downfall.
honestly you guys bitching about commercials are really just... i don't really know. at max, there are two commercials per break and they are 30_45 secs long. three breaks in a 30 minute episode. you're complaining about have to watch three minutes of an advertisement to keep the app going_ it's much better than tv and yeah, netflix may not have commercials, but they really only have movies and select big tv shows. no anime or others that i really wanted.
i dont know why people dont like hulu. people pay to watch tv from direct tv and other companies that have ads all over there channels. hulu is easy to use with a huge variety of tv shows.  if you are tired of crappy netflix, and you just want to watch some good shows on a good app, then just pay the monthly fee for hulu plus. its pretty great.
dumbest subscription model ever, pick one and drop the other. plus the ads are the same every commercial break and sometimes even play the same ad back to back.
only problem is ads
first of all, even if you pay, you still have to watch ads. isn't that why i pay_ so i don't have to watch commercials every 5 mins_ and now that they have my money nothing will play. it just buffers, and buffers and buffers. you should download showbox.  its free and you don't have to watch any ads. i'm canceling my hulu subscription asap.
ad's cause the program to crash and if you reload guess what you have to watch them all over again just to pick up where you left off and the next set of ad's will crash it anyhow
im paying for my subscription and i still get ads_ that is complete bull, if you need to raise the monthly fee to get rid of the ads then do so because they're really annoying_
honestly i really like this app, and i don't get why people say _why am i paying for ads_. that's like paying for direct tv and saying _why am i paying for commercials_. you're not, that's just advertising. you're paying so you can have unlimited access to tv shows without the wait_
i like the app but i hate the ads if i wanted the same ads over and over i would pay for cable but i do like how it has the newest episode's the day after they air
if i have to pay to watch something, and still get ads then there's something wrong with the owners of hulu...
i do have the app but i watch it on tv and i'm sick of these ads smh i also hate it because it's freezes so much. please keep it updated on the shows smh idk why i pay money for this
the shows play flawlessly but the ads won't play well. chrome casting it. ads start and stop all thru ad then show plays fine.
i luv dis. but sometime it be too much mlg 360 no scoping me with them ads.
the selection on hulu is amazing and i'm ok with the ads because hulu has to pay extra for the newer shows. i gave it 3 stars because of stability issues. the app itself is stable but it doesn't allow decent buffering. i'm able to stream netflix and youtube with no problem
i honestly haven't even gotten a chance to enjoy this app because every time i try to watch something, only the advertisement plays, and the actual episode says _error playing episode_
it's dumb we pay for ads
only good for catching up on the current season of a show. other than that all it has is weird french films, spanish soap operas, and too many ads that no one wants to see. i'm watching a _kids show_ and i get a viagra ad_ luckily my parents pay for this but in 2 years when i got my own stuff going on i'm never buying this
i like how i can watch any shows but there are too many commercials...even gets hulu ads when i already have one     how come there aren't episodes 1_8 on tv show constantine_  also supernatural  episodes 3_19 season 10 are missing, the flash is missing episodes 3_20, can you please add them_  how often do they get updated_ if those are added i'll give it five stars.
having an ad pop up every 5 minutes is ridiculous and i find this app to be a rip off. i love that i can catch up on my shows but it stops way too much and too many ads. watching a 40 min show turns into an hr in a half.
could be better if there wasn't a million ads and slow loading. they have more ads then tv has commercials. sickening.
i can only get it to work less than half the time i'm using it. it's always buffering about every minute and it's annoying. i can deal with the ads, it's the constant loading that dives me crazy. considering to cancel_
the same ads over and over then the show will glich and skip a full minute of the show and have to go backwards just to see what i missed i will try to finish the season i am watching then i will cancel my subscription unless this skipping problem is fixed keep the ads i dont care but i will not pay for a glitchy skipping service. its funny that ive never ever had an ad skip or lag just my show
i was once an avid netflix watcher till i found that hulu has a better selection for my preferences. of course i began the free week trial and at this point im hesitant on if i should continue my subscription or not. the ads do not bother me. i understand business is business, and it offers a wakeup call that's much needed when you're binge watching. however the constant _strange, an error has occurred... _998_. i cant stand it anymore, ive lost my patience. this would be a great app otherwise. please help.
would be a great service and decent app if they hadn't jacked the number of ads from 2_4 an hour to 4_6 every 10_15 minutes_ screw that crap_ i'm out_
i'd pay triple the price a month for only one ad per episode. you open the episode, ad, you watch the intro, ad, you watch the first half, ad, you nearly finish the episode, ad... hulu makes cable look reasonable...
full serious i can't watch a lot of shows because they are not complete. why do we need ads if where paying_ and please get rid of the fast and furious commercial its annoying af already. it's really not worth my money if there are ads and majority of the shows aren't complete _ i can name 20 different shows i wanted to or was watching but couldn't finish because either they're skipped ahead, not finished, or don't have the all the dub versions.
tv app..hated that u still have to watch ads but..
it doesnt let me watch anything on my phone anymore. i can search stuff and it plays the ads but it doesnt play what i actually want to watch
dear everyone who is giving hulu bad ratings because of ads. they have ads so they can make more money and with more money they can add more shows. hulu adds shows twice as than netflix its amazing but i think hulu should off an upgrade to membership where you pay like 20 bucks per month for no ads that would be a pretty sweet deal. hulu is the best and has episodes of shows that are currently airing and has so many movies and anime_
every single time i try to play something it crashes with an error message that the video won't load. the app is literally impossible to use for more than 1 minute.  even if it did work you're still paying for a truck load of ads.
whether you're using your computer or your mobile device, such as a tablet or phone, you must sit through ads to watch your favorite shows. do i deal with it_ yes. should i have to_ absolutely not_ i pay for your service_ i pay for netflix too. does netflix have ads_ no. i don't care how much more money you want to make. i pay for this. make the regular hulu costumers watch ads. what's the point in hulu plus if you still have to watch ads_ please contact me about this. i find it very ignorant
why am i paying for ads_ once you pay, there should be no ads...period_
buffering takes forever. constant _can't connect to hulu service_ error messages. a ton of ads for all this hassle just to get it to work, in which it always takes 1hr and it never works till days later.
love this app but you need to update some shows, especially the ones from bbc. like doctor who. for something that we pay for monthly we should have access to all the recent episodes. not only ones that are 2 years old. especially with all the ads_ i get why you would do that with regulat hulu, but if we are paying for hulu plus then drop the ads and update all the shows. not just some of them.
ads play fine but all the shows have a really slow and choppy frame rate. sound doesnt match the video most of the time. annoying and disappointing that the ads are the only part i can view properly. netflix works great on my tablet. will just have to go back to using that and cancel the hulu plus.
ads have been minimized, which i love_ don't mind watching a few seconds of something else.
won't work on my phone. i'm paying to watch my shows but can't on all platforms available. the ads will play so why won't my videos. bs. fix it.
been a hulu plus subscriber for a few years now,  but finding that half the time i try watching via chromecast, it gets stuck after the first ad. i have to kill both apps and try again until it works...or worst case just say screw it and find another way to watch the show.
i would gladly pay for a 13.99 to 14.99  to probably 15.99 monthly plan for a ad free experience. 7.99 is cheap. that would be even more revenue for guys to pay bills_content providers. but ads come on. it should be a premium option twice the price of plus version with no ads for users who want a ad less experience.  i don't understand that. the service and app is great as describe_expected that's why i give a honest fair rating of 5 stars not rating 1 to 3 stars like the complainers below me are doing.
it's okay i'm giving 3 stars cause really hate ads it's like watching tv where i hate commercials lol, i'll give 5 star's if the ads disappear and i would continue paying for the membership to watch my favorite shows without waiting for ads to finish i'm not paying for thing.
only streaming service you still get ads even though you're a paying customer, kinda sh_t is that
paid subscription has to much ads when watching a show.
great selection of shows especially anime but has a few more ads than necessary
i hate how many ads there are,  netflix has not ads even for thier cheapest plan and why can't hulu plus do the same. ads are fine but this is just an ad fest_
chill out with the ads. if u gonna put some there at least make'em short and scarce. there's no point having a hulu feels like im just paying to watch a bunch of commercials than the shows.
the ads they are driving me crazyyyyyy please stop with the ads netflix does not have them y do u if u want to beat netflix and be at the top just please improve netflix is kicking some serious butt right and their not playin with their videos and moives
it seems a little greedy. you get money from the paid customers and money from the company's that display their ads. every month it seems to get worse, not better. for a 42 minute show, i have to watch between 15 to 25 commercials. why can't us paying customers catch a break. a couple of commercials wouldn't be horrible but 25 is just greedy.
seriously, why would i pay for the subscription when i can pay the same amount for netflix and not have to trudge through ads that cause everything to freeze_
this should have been an ads app ...there so many freaking ads...they bore one completely to the point of ....i'd rather netflix.
it has all the shows but i kinda hate the ads
premium services and ad_supported services should be two different things. if i'm paying for hulu plus, why on earth am i watching more ads than i did on broadcast tv_ cancelled the service and uninstalled the app _
the video quality on my samsung galaxy s6 is terrible with no option to have hd videos. there are also too many ads.
i am paying for ads.
nothing at all i liked about this. if you're going to go plus to avoid ads, don't bother. uninstalling immediately.
hulu, please do something about the app crashing after ads play, forcing me to wait as more ads play when i resume watching an episode.
if you pay _75 a month for cable, you still get ads... that's what helps pay for production of these shows.
idk why everyone is acting brand new about the ads. it clearly let's you know that even paying it still includes ads.
ads. ap is way too slow and laggy and it won't let me sign in right it keeps trying to make me remake a profile. going netflix next month.
dear hulu, i am not paying _7.99 a month to watch a bunch of ads. i am a paid subscriber not a free user. please stop it.
to many ads for a service i pay for. one mabey two ads okay. but 12 to 18 for an hour show is way to many.
i can't belive all the complaining from people about ads. if they didn't sell ad spots the service would cost a lot more.  the only problem i have is when i pay a day or two after my due date and restore service i have to uninstall and then re_install.
way too many ads for a paid subscription. netflix casts great, but hulu has had an _error in contacting hulu service_ for 2 weeks now. the only way i can watch is on my tablet or phone.
didn't use to have any problems with this but now on some shows it will play the first ad and then just sit there and buffer
i absolutely love hulu, my only wish is that they would either get rid of advertisements _since we pay for the service_ or at least not have so many_ i would go 5 stars if the ads were gone_
i absolutely love hulu, my only wish is that they would either get rid of advertisements _since we pay for the service_ or at least not have so many_ i would go 5 stars if the ads were gone_
so many ads like i dont even feel like watching back to netflix
i can understand seeing ads if the service was free but.. we are charged a monthly fee and of course hulu charges the companies to run their ads.   somebody's getting bank_  remember my friends, netflix is cheaper, runs no ads, and has great shows.  maybe they will stop the ads when they get 100 mil downloads like netflix. hulu only has 10 mil and of course a poorer rating. that tells me something.
i'm happy being able to catch up but them ads...really_
full of ads, unlike netflix.
if it's on tv then it's probably here too. no worry about missing your shows cuz it's all here. yeah there are ads big whoop
to watch ads.
ads........
if not free or to many ads i remove it
it keeps on saying buffering but isn't buffering even when my wifi is full this needs to be fixed i'm trying to watch my shows and also with the ads is you're going to keep them on there can u at least make them shorter
i can't believe i have to pay to watch ads. this is ridiculous. i just canceled my subscription that i've had for one day. not only because of the 15 ads i have to watch, but the buffering and freezing is absolutely out of control. every 10 seconds it has to buffer. screw this. thank god i have netflix instead_
i tried 7days trials now,.but why theres an advertisement_ unlike netflix full hd and theres no advertisement..im a bit dissapointed,.but all drama that i want is in here so i still liked it.
great app but that's where it end_ i'm sorry but the point of paying for service in my opinion means commercial free of annoying ads. not to mention movie trailers_ are you serious_ who pays to watch a movie trailer_ i'm sorry but after a year i had enough. canceling and uninstalling. gb hulu
if i'm paying for it stop with all the ads. before and after, i don't mind but, 4 of them during a 30 min show. seriously fix that or i'm canceling, so is everyone i got to sign up. also cut the opening credits from shows if i'm watching a series,  i don't need to see it 40 times_
too many ads. also crashes on all my devices except  ipad.
i hate hulu too many ads
seriously, 4_5 ads in a commercial break, and it costs monthly to use_ used to be just one or two now it's crazy. yikes.
way too many ads for what they charge, and keeps restarting show if i have to minimize app, and of course makes you rewatch the ads.
seriously, 4_5 ads in a commercial break, and it costs monthly to use_ used to be just one or two now it's crazy. yikes.
until you make it all ad free, you'll always have   one star.
app worked great but the ads are totally out of control_ 2 and 3 min ads every 5 mins_ why would i pay for that kind of abuse.
don't advertise is free,  cause it's not_
toooo many ads for too much money
i love the service_ for all you complainers talking about ads, grow up, entitled americans. _ill never get those two minutes back _ you do realize that you have no patience right_
get rid of the ads please_ and give my money back if they're still gonna be here_
90_ of the time the app crashes after transition from ads to video.  when you resume, it forces you to watch the ads again.  even with huluplus, you have to watch ads.
i can understand seeing ads if the service was free but.. we are charged a monthly fee and of course hulu charges the companies to run their ads.   somebody's getting bank_  remember my friends, netflix is cheaper, runs no ads, and has great shows.
if u pay a certain amount a month i would.    expect no commercials except for the latest episode of a popular show , but thats  not the case only a few shows have no commercials and it gets on my nerves i guess it would be fine if u could  watch a 1min and half commercial in the beginning like it offers occasionally but it doesn't bottom line is if your fine with about a mn and half or more lf commercials through out your show while your watching it then you should be fine verything else is fine just the advertising is over board.another problem i have is after the ad it will buffer and i will have to restart hulu and it will make me watch thebad again
if u pay a certain amount a month i would.    expect no commercials except for the latest episode of a popular show , but thats  not the case only a few shows have no commercials and it gets on my nerves i guess it would be fine if u could  watch a 1min and half commercial in the beginning like it offers occasionally but it doesn't bottom line is if your fine with about a mn and half or more lf commercials through out your show while your watching it then you should be fine verything else is fine just the advertising is over board.another problem i have is after the ad it will buffer and i will have to restart hulu and it will make me watch thebad again
decent service, although far too many ads in hulu plus, but the app is pretty terrible.  confusing, ugly, seldom updated.  honestly the app makes me use the service less, and when i do use it, i watch on a computer if at all possible.  look to netflix's app for inspiration, they're doing a great job
i got rid of cable tv because we were sick of paying to watch ads. in just the first 4 minutes of the first show we watched on hulu we already had to sit through 2 commercials. my husband immediately shut it it off and said no way_ we are not paying to watch flipping commercials_
pokemon doesn't have ad 
a lot of ads. you could watch all the the shows listed on their respective websites without ads.
i don't even necessarily have a problem with the ads being there, it's more or less that they constantly freeze. sometimes it takes minutes before the ads even begin to stream or as the ad plays i get an error _something strange happened_ and have to restart the show and watch the same ads i just saw. if it weren't so buggy i'd be a lot happier especially since i'm paying for the product.
download for about 3 minutes. nearly everything require a paid subscription,  and as others pointed out you are still paying to watch ad's. double dip on my money_ no thanks.
i have no problem when the shows are streaming but when the ads come on, they take forever to buffer and a 45 second ad end up taking 3 minutes to play and it doesn't even play clear...smh...please fix this.
it's great accept for the ads they already make you pay four a monthly subscription and then they make you watch ads. but accept for that its okay.
works well on pc, smarttv and tablet, but not reliable on my phone anymore.  ads will always play, but show will often just hang.
this app doesn't work with 4g or public wifi. it doesn't work at my job, the airport, or my university. the only place it can get past the buffering screen is at home, which is useless because, at that point, i might as well use my playstation. the problem isn't the videos themselves_ it's the ads. the videos play perfectly. however, plan to spend 20_ minutes waiting for the ads to load so you can watch 10_minute bursts of programming. this company needs new algorithms.
we pay for this subscription and it's really annoying on how many ads you guys have. not sure if i want to keep this. but i have netflix and they have no ads_
_critical error_ message has popped up several times, forcing me to restart. same for hulu plus on my ps3. way too many ads for a service i have to pay for..
i hate the ads but love that it has new episodes
too many ads.
first it was 2 now it's 4 to 5. this is ridiculous. on netflix you can fast forward_ skip without all that.  might as well just stick to my dvr and netflix where i can actually fast forward without all these crazy ads. cancelation of my subscription immediately not worth it.
delete the ads
sadly i love hulu but the actual show refuses to play on my note 3. it will play the advert before the show but then stops and the back 10 button keeps flashing...i've uninstalled and reinstalled still wont work_ i'm super disappointed.
help. after the first ad the show doest start. instead it goes to the next episode. help fix please
5_8 ads per viewing. thanks for the bathroom breaks_
absolutely love the amount of shows and movies but um there is like way too many ads even if you pay monthly
very pleased with it, ads or not_ the ads don't last tht long. gives me time to move without having to miss something.
if im paying for something that i can play and pause i should not have to deal with ads this is not youtube this is pay per view
why all these ads if i'm paying for this service_ it's ridiculous_ the plus side to hulu is you can watch latest episodes of television shows, unlike netflix. i do not have a problem with the service, but i tend to watch my netflix more frequent.
we have cable, netflix and now hulu plus. we will not be renewing our subscription to hulu because of the adverts. if i pay for your service, i don't need you to advertise your service throughout a show i'm trying to watch.
it's a great app i just don't like the constant ads
six and a half minutes of ads aren't worth 25 minute episodes of something. maybe there's not another free app where i could watch shows like this, but the ads are so long that i forget what had happened before they had started playing.
this is for everyone to stop comparing hulu _ netflix in their app reviews_ stop crying about ad's or what shows, either platform has, or doesn't have. review how the app is working on your phone_ and if you feel the need to compare the two, write a blog, tweet or put it on facebook...otherwise stfu_
its been great to have this app, but it seems with every update they add a commercial to the breaks. im paying cause i hate tv and commercials, hulu is slowly becoming that. it randomly crashes sometimes and loses my spot and then when i go back im forced to watch the ads again. so annoying
why do you still run advertisements to your paying customers_ i find this service a joke, at least give an option to skip. i see no reason to keep this service after my first month has expired.
i like hulu , but is to many ads per episode
'stream all of your favorite tv ads for only _7.99 a month' should be the description for this app.
paying for ads really sucks
if i'm paying for a subscription, i shouldn't have to watch the multitude if ads when i watch a show. get rid of ads for subscribed members and i'll give 5 stars. also, too many sleazy sexualized movies. if i want porno, i'll go elsewhere. i can't let my daughter watch hulu as i don't want to give her access to sexually graphic movies.
i hate this app. as much as i like to us it, i hate_ it. it always crashes, can never connect or stay connected to the internet. i have never had a more annoying app, than the hulu app. oh and you might as well not pay for hulu plus because even though they say they will get rid of the adds if you pay, they dont. its a total lie and false advertising. your better off switching between the free stuff on hulu _if you can actually watch it between the crashing and the 8000 commercials_, netfix, and project free tv. between those three you get almost everything. there's still some stuff i can find.
too many ads...buffers alot...same ole stuff.  y'all need to have more variety,  cut ads _most are useless stuff_ and update show selections.
love the app, watch it everyday on my lunch hour.  works perfectly for me.  advertising is minimal and short.  watch one episode before my hour lunch is up.  way to go hulu_
imagine netflix with tons of commercials interrupting you. other than that the app works great. the fact that they make you pay on top of the revenue that they receive for advertising is ballsy on their part.
if this had no ads like netflix i would die
after the first ad i can't pause or anything because the icon disappears in the app and it functions like nothing is playing. also the ads are getting absurd. at first it would be three or four now i'm up to six or eight an episode.
hate paying for 9 ads per show_
if the ads werent there i would probably give 5
it's great but cut the ads in half please
every once in a while the video will keep playing but the casting function disappears and goes away. no way to control the video when this happens. not sure if it's chromecast or hulu's fault but i have to completely reboot the chromecast when it happens. then i have to sit through the ads all over again because hulu loves us all that much_
i watch anime a lot on this app and the ads don't bother me that much, but while streaming a show an ad popped up about an old show i've been wanting to watch for a while, _cowboy bebop_, and the ad showed scenes in english dub, so i got exited to watch it in english, but when i started to watch it it was default in japanese. i look for a way to change it to english, but even after searching it up, i couldn't find a way. ether i'm a complete idiot, or someone needs to help me, please_
ads on a paid app suck_ always freezing. i've had hulu for about 15 min now and i've seen 3 ads and it's froze up about once per minute on average.  terrible terrible terrible_
this was resolved already and now works on my ps3 however still doesn't work on my phone due to a failure to be charged is what it says which is just about stupid anyways please hurry up and fix before i cancel this stupid thing anyways 2 star until they give me what i pay for otherwise it would be a 4 due to the constant ads
i'm paying to watch ads and i hate that. netflix is better.
you pay _8 a month and still have to watch ads during a show_ that's bull. canceling and uninstalling.
don't you pay so there wouldn't be any ads_ i hate your ads by the way.
way too many ads, for a paid service i cant believe how many ads. even more than regular cable tv. id even be willing to pay a couple more _'s for fewer ads
really wish it was ad free like netflix since we pay monthly for the service.
too much ads per movie_episodes plus the ads would get stuck but the audio would keep going on, then when the audio finishes it starts playing the advertisement from where it got stuck until it finishes without audio. that takes up even more time. this is the worst app ever.
too much ads per movie_episodes plus the ads would get stuck but the audio would keep going on, then when the audio finishes it starts playing the advertisement from where it got stuck until it finishes without audio. that takes up even more time. this is the worst app ever.
so i have a samsung s4 and today hulu decided it can't be bothered to play shows it plays the beginning ad just fine but then won't play the show. it's the latest available version, so it's not an older application  issue. i get the message _sorry something went wrong... _. in reading reviews i can see i'm not the only one this is happening to. works fine on my roku and tablet just not my phone. fix it hulu.
hulu has several ads thru the course of a show. i can understand a couple of ads but not this many. otherwise, its great for watching old tv programs that have gone off the air. all new tv shows require a tv subscription for a large monthly payment. if i could afford the tv subscription, i would just do that.
i really hate this ads its like 7_ ads in every episode like really were really paying just to see ads y'all need to cut off ads like probably 2 ads per episode i'm fine with that but ads every 4minits i can't i just can't anymore y'all gotta do some about this
it makes no sense to pay for an app if you still have to look at ads.  such a waste of money.
i really love hulu but all these ads are killing me_
my biggest gripe with this app is it only will let you use it if you sign up for hulu plus why not have like the website where i can watch shows for free with ads with the option to sign up if i wanted too.
what's the deal with all of these error messages_  the ads play fine, but when i start screaming, it always says _ strange,  an error occurred_. please fix this. i'm paying for this and can't enjoy it.
i really hate all the ads and buffering_ like i'm usually the one to recommend hulu to people because it's usually great but lately it's been horrible_ you better fix it hulu or your going to lose alot of customers. i don't have anything to brag about anymore because hulu sucks now..
i hate the ads they need to be removed
better _ cheaper than cable. think about this_ 60 min shows have an average running time of 41 min. with 19 min of commercials. same show on hulu only has 2.5 min of commercials...ads are only 15 secs long and only 2 back to back ads per break. best part, no jg wentworth jingles_ i customized my ad preferences and like hulu even more. be nice if we had the option to upgrade an acct in order to watch more than 1 device at a time. other than that, no complaints.
while the ads are somewhat of a pain, dat price can't be beat. _
why can't y'all be like most other apps and not make your paying customers have to sit through ads_ or at the very least... not so many_ i understand if they aren't huluplus users... their not paying for your services and the ad companies pay yall to play their ads.. but if i'm paying each month...i don't feel i should have to...so.. from what i gather..  you guys are getting my money...and money from ad companies each time their ad is played_ sounds kinda greedy... please correct me if i'm wrong.
the service is really for anyone looking to pretty much find anything, just bare with the ads
i hate that i pay for this and have to watch several ads for things i'm never going to buy or are even relevant to me in the slightest. i make it my mission to boycott all products_services the ads are advertising. it would get 5 stars from me if the paid membership came with no ads. moto g
i hate that i pay for this and have to watch several ads for things i'm never going to buy or are even relevant to me in the slightest. i make it my mission to boycott all products_services the ads are advertising. it would get 5 stars from me if the paid membership came with no ads. moto g
the hulu app itself is alright, although the design is a little confusing. the content, on the other hand, is mostly trash, although that's to blame on other factors. almost everything on television today is stupid, immature, violent, obscene, potty_mouthed, or all of the above. the advertisements are no better.
it's highly frustrating having to pay to watch all theses ads during the shows_
ads as bad as free tv
app is not playing videos. it plays the ads but as soon as video should start, it freezes up.
too many ads during episodes 1_2 ok but 3_4 is ridiculous. there needs ti be a home button after updating account information. it's ridiculous that i have undownload the app, just to redownload to sign so the home page pops up. fix it and will get 5
i haven't had issues with it. occasionally it would buffer and wouldn't work..but that was when i was getting 3g. my phone isn't an expensive one either, it was a kyocera, and now i am using a lg volt. if we didn't have cable we would probably keep paying for it and netflix. anyone complaining about paying 8_ and getting ads. thats how they keep the  cost down_ they have new episodes of something that was on the day before. ....unlike netflix. if th they didn't have ads the price would be ridiculous_
the amount of advertisements  is asinine. i'm paying _8 a month and still have 4 minutes of commercials_ come on that's a waste of money app itself is fine but the company is bad
its frustrating paying for a service every month and having to deal with like 8_ ads per episode. it'd be okay with one i can deal but 8_ also the ads are half other products and half advertising hulu plus service....why are you making me watch your hulu ads when i already have your service_
its frustrating paying for a service every month and having to deal with like 8_ ads per episode. it'd be okay with one i can deal but 8_ also the ads are half other products and half advertising hulu plus service....why are you making me watch your hulu ads when i already have your service_
take away the ads between shows
why do we still have ads when we pay for a subscription
now i can watch more anime, but the ads i would 5 star but them ads i hate ads
love this app but if i pause whatever i'm watching and my screen locks, then when i turn it back on the show_movie starts from the beginning and not where i left off, and when i fast forward then i have to watch all of the ads again. also you guys play way too many ads for something that we pay a monthly fee for_
wish the shows loaded as well as the ads. the ads always play fine, but every third episode or so the video won't load.
yeah right you think i'm going to pay to watch your repetative f_ advertising over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over its abuse if you f_ idiots kiss my f_ balls
too many ads, too many crashes after ads. reopening app replays ads again instead of playing video.  avoid hulu if you can.
the ads are ridiculous for a service that i pay for, about 50_ of the time my app will just _continue loading_, closing it usually doesn't help and ive  had to turn my tv on and off to reset my chromecast for hulu to work. i do enjoy the shows but get rid of all the ads when you're making monthly payments, so you shouldn't even need ads..
you pay for a subscription and you get bombarded with ads. watching bones right now... there are 1_4 ads per break and there are 7_8 breaks_ for a 45 minute show_ the whole point of paying subscription fees like with netflix.... we don't want to waste our data on stupid ads.... come on hulu
been a paying member because where i live cable is not readily available so this helps me stay current on a lot of my favorite shows. the amount of ad time per episode is ridiculous_ i don't understand why i should have to watch a bunch of commercials if i am a paying member. been contemplating canceling my subscription for a while now. only thingkeeping me from not is the good tv series line up. beyond that the movies are dated, the commercials are unbearable and half the time the commercials skip and lag.
it's the same price as netflix, and 8 bucks more a month than youtube, yet one ad after another. probly canceling after the_free week_trial. not impressed. or maybe i'm wrong, maybe hulu plus is 16a month_ in that case, i'm definitely not keeping it..  i'll make an updated review later..when i'm better informed. but so far, it's lucky i gave 2 stars_
i have had hulu on my ps3 for a few yrs now. i love it_ watch shows when u want with short ad breaks. now i got it on my tablet ill b watching hulu all day everyday_
i thought the entire point of paying for the subscription was no ads .hulu ads as well very crass. remove ads for subscribers and cut half the ads on non subscribers.really disappointed .i miss the old hulu.
i love this app, it's has a many anime to watch. the ads aren't that bad.
love it..i appreciate that not only can you choose the ad, but after 5seconds, you can skip the ad..i'd rather have 5seconds of commercial than the 3 minutes or constant buffering and loading. i really love the variety, i've found some awesome shows, current full series, and the genre selection and search work perfectly for my device.
crashes at least once a day. i don't mind the ads but the ads might be the reason for crashing otherwise good
the reason for ads guys is because hulu has many first run shows. many of the shows like svu ,grimm and those types of shows are on hulu the day after they air. that stuff is expensive and i'm sure the ads are to please those shows makers. i can deal with the ads to watch first run. thanks hulu_
with netflix you pay _8 and no ads, but with hulu you are basically paying just to watch ads... please tone down the ads just a but _maybe to none..._
paying for an app that plays ads also a bad problem with buffering freezes but lo  and bohold don't have the freezes when the ads play wtf. fix the app or i'll go else where
videos don't load, it just stays stuck on the buffering ad screen.
my question is y do u advertise paid subscription ,no ads and access to any shows..that's not entirely true. i'm thinking prime from amazon..and netflix possibly..i get free basic cable and it sucks..and  pay for u and u have ads chopping up everything.
my question is y do u advertise paid subscription ,no ads and access to any shows..that's not entirely true. i'm thinking prime from amazon..and netflix possibly..i get free basic cable and it sucks..and  pay for u and u have ads chopping up everything.
gets stuck on buffering the first ad. and tech support is useless and telling me that it's my internet speed. when i resume a previously played hulu show, in which it's jot buffering a ad, the show is streaming perfectly fine. app has issues deciding what ad to show me.
i'm happy for the accessibility to shows nexflix doesn't have but the fact u pay a monthly fee and have to deal with amount of ads you do is absolute ridiculous. i would totally pay a few dollars more a month if there was a completely ad free version cause this sucks
very very tired of these ads..i knew netflix was better for some reason, now i remember, its the lack of constant, never ending ads
i get sites like july need to include advertisment to supplement the cheaper prices to the cunsumer but either make a 20_ a month plan no ads or at least make it so they are part of the new stuff i'm watching shows that aired 7 years ago these are recent enough for your ads to matter i mean come on four ad squares per episodes three 15 second commercials per square that's a worse rate then tv and that's free fix this please
i get sites like july need to include advertisment to supplement the cheaper prices to the cunsumer but either make a 20_ a month plan no ads or at least make it so they are part of the new stuff i'm watching shows that aired 7 years ago these are recent enough for your ads to matter i mean come on four ad squares per episodes three 15 second commercials per square that's a worse rate then tv and that's free fix this please
currently unable to stream. it's not the network because was just working fine via my bluray player on the same network. when i select item to play will play opening advertisement, the network or film company's logo, then to buffering, i've let it go as long as three minutes buffering, nothing happens, just more buffering.
this is not a joke this is a bold face lie_ you advertise _unlimited_ yet you disable the application after only one episode has played. then you only enable it after the next day_ even a device reboot will not fix this problem. does this somehow save you from having to increase your bandwidth_ god forbid you would do this to your loyal customers. what happen to _truth in advertising_. do you really think we are stupid_ someone please take charge at hulu and correct this deliberate software program.
i have an old phone, running a custom rom, so i understand that not every app will play nice with it.  but, this one manages to play the ads just fine, but then when it's time for the show to begin, i just get the _buffering_ screen, forever, even on a 15 mbps wifi connection.  lame.
long standing 8 year customer of netflix who left in favor of hulu _ which for 7.99 per month has way better television content then netflix does .some say the ads are not worth it with the paid version but ad revenue means better content for us consumers. keep up the good work and keep the content coming hulu.
its great but it has so many freaking ads and it freezes
your endless ads are causing the phone app to freeze and fail. if i am paying for hulu plus why am i still seeing ads_ i am canceling after this month. i can just watch the show on the networks webpage. its been 5 years and this app is still freezing because of the ads_
to many ads._ dislike.
constant buffering and annoying ads on a paid subscription. netflix is a superior service without the ads and over 90_ of the same shows plus better original shows like house of cards and daredevil.
i hate the ads in between the shows
update _ freezing more often now_ fix it_  what is with this app lately_ it keeps freezing up and then starting for a few minutes or maybe even only seconds_ so anoyying amd extremely hrd to watch a show_ and i'm paying for this_ also too many ads when i'm paying a monthly subscription and why do all the seasons not start with episode 1_ who cares about episode 3,4 or 5 if i haven't seen 1 blahhh
sometimes when an ad finishes the app crashes and i have to restart it and watch the ad from the beginning. plz fix this issue
with the exception of a few annoyances, this effectively cuts the cable and the high cost of watching tv.  we use it on our tablets, phones, roku, and fire tv.  we still have to supplement this with buying shows that are on channels that are not available, which are some fairly popular shows _walking dead, big bang theory, game of thrones, etc._.  so far, we are paying one fifth annually for tv total, so the problems are currently worth dealing with.  of course, there are still ads just like regular cable.
huluplus is a paid subscription that allows you to view their massive catalog of television and movies. in no way does it claim to be netflix, the reason there are ads_30 seconds each on mobile with usually 4_ it is still much less than watching it on cable. i like that i can binge watch shows with despite the ads you still are better off than not getting it. if you really want to watch something ad free than torrent it or deal with netflix's catalog i have both, netflix primarily for movies and hulu for tv
i recently stopped my monthly membership due to ads, ads, ads in every show i watch .....unless i'm watching a movie, than no ads....hulu you need to fix that_  you lost as a paying member_
to many ads. one episode which is close to 24 min, 4 ads in 24 min, not enough dubbs. subtitles are fine but anime is my escape so just want 2  kick back
two ads per a video for all is fine by me but over three or four is over kill for a paid service. i would understand for a free service but for a paying customer. really...
ads play but videos will not
ive been using this app for few months now. i was afraid to get hulu plus because of the advertising but i gave it a try anyway and i dont regret paying for this service. hulu has almost every show that i want to watch so for me this app is amazing.
stuff plays fine now, but i agree with the other reviews that there are too many ads. take out some of the ad breaks and i'll give it 5 stars.
please either cut the ads in half or the fee...
so i turned on hulu plus to watch some anime and couldnt because the ads take forever to load or they dont load at all and my phone freezes and tye other reason is why do we even have ads if we are paying you guys for hulu plus major waste of money u guys never respond or come up with a patch that works im about to pull out of hulu plus_ hulu forever and switch to netflix and tell my friends and family to pull out to this is absolutely ridiculous that everytime i make a review you guys dont even help me out
what is the point of having so many ads when you're a paying customer_ being charged and still having to sit through the same amount of commercials as i would on television is incredibly tedious and downright annoying. would definitely prefer to watch what i'm paying for without so many, or any, interruptions.
no auto play or even an arrow button for the next episode, which is pretty sad. but eventually the app will freeze on a loading dialog and i have to kill it and reopen it. also, limited episode list for almost all the good ongoing network shows. i've always stayed away from hulu due to the ads, but i saw the huge list of shows i want to watch for the first time. doesn't help me justify the cost when most of those shows only have 4 of the latest episodes. they get ad money and mine but can't get all the eps
the app keeps causing my tablet to crash after the second advertisement within a video, forcing me to reboot my tablet. ive tried reinstalling the app, but im still having this issue. please fix.
ads sucked
downloaded the app so i could watch on my phone when i couldn't watch on tv...but after 2 episodes of a show it will only play ads and then say there has been an error. tried uninstalling and re in stalling but, same error message. not thrilled with the issues we've been having with hulu on the play station either...
i've been using hulu for a long time and enjoy it. recently my videos won't play just the first ad then nothing. i would give a 5 star once it is fixed.
the ads do suck but i'll deal with them for only _8 month like i have been the past couple yrs. for everyone saying netflix is better it's really not. they both got their pros and cons, netflix is much better for movies but are three seasons behind on some shows...not good if you're just starting to watch it and need to catch up. hulu sucks for movies but at least their shows are current.
left show try to hit resume but it starts over  i have to watch the ads that u can't skip. i already know i was half way through show so after 1st 3 ads i skip to about where i think i was. i am again forced to watch 3 more ads then back to show but wait i need to go forward a little more for 3 more ads what a waste of my time 15 min later i'm back to the 30 min show wth_ really_ i pay for this crap_ i would rather deal with older shows on netflix than forced ads so frustrating_ skip ad button for plus_
has some ads but i don't mind
whats up with bones_ you have season 10 but not 9_ netflix has only 2 shows of season 9. com on  now please fix pretty please..... one more thing, when i was on the free hulu it would say for lesser adds go hulu pluse so i did and it still has so many ads. only been with you a month and i am ready to leave. unless you fix. i can spread the word hulu pluse sucks_ netflix is looking good right about now.
the amount of ads is unbearable, even though i'm paying _8 a month for a plus membership. sometimes it's 5 short ads about 3 times per episode. deleting my subscription because i've had enough. i'm perfectly happy waiting for netflix to add the shows in, even if it takes a few months.
i really hate the idea of having ads but i would say netflix is better than hulu but if hulu had no ads i would rate 5.
u want me to pay monthly and the shows are loaded with ads screw this app
eveytime i watch a show it works fine till the ads come on then force close my app then i have to reload the show  the does the sane thing every time i get back to the ads it keeps force closing its not fare i love hulu but if this keeps up i'm a just uninstall and close my account this hassle is more than troubling
pretty good, but the ads. everything  else is fine.
rediculous ads.... cancelling my subscription untill they do away with the ads...may as well be watching it on tv
and this comment is irrelevant here but for 8 bucks a month and tons of ads there just isn't enough shows. most shows are from free local channels and you can watch them on the network website for free anyway. they have some old seasons of tv shows but that's what netflix is for
the episode starts then the ad just keeps buffering , is this just me or is it the app_ i serious haven't been able to watch anything the past few days
so how... seriously, have you not addressed the buffer crash_ you advertisers are not getting advertised_ you'd think the money would at least motivate you even if thousands of you customers are vastly underwhelmed by the performance of your app for phone and comp. its crashing_infinite buffer on all platforms. go. now. fix it_
too many ads, no support for multi user like netflix.  too much content, not enough organization or suggestions.
5 commercials between sections. i've had enough. you're not getting anymore of my money until the ads stop.
the ui is awful. paying to see ads is awful. nice to catch some shows that i can't watch otherwise though.
i'm tired of the annoying ads and so i have to say netflix is way better than this for two reasons one no ads two you can chose the language on everyhting
i hate all the ads i will decativate.
it has ads,but is way more updated.for example,when i missed empire,i easily watched it on hulu.way better than netflix
basically paying for ads
first off, i hate the ads, i pay the same for netflix with no ads. and to add on to that it's the same annoying ads with the same annoying people. i can't stand the peepshow one, it's like the guy mouths the words before he speaks them and just creeps me out. also if i pause it and then come back to it, whatever show i'm watching starts all over which means i have to watch the same annoying ad in the beginning and then at least once more until i get back to where i was. hulu you could be so great, step up
if i could give it no star i would i hate the ads it does not have most my shows all i pay for is ads
your ads have a streaming problem. the shows stream perfectly in high quality.  but a 15_30 second ad would take 1_2 minutes then start streaming the show.
one too many ads for  paid subscription service
you play the ads fine but i can never get to actually watching the show because all it does is buffer. uninstall.
it plays an ad but no show. then the next show _starts_ plays an ad and nothing again
i hate that .i have to wait 150 or 160 for ad . i understand 30 or 60 but 150 no way.every time i gets higher please  fix
way to many ads..well in my opinion one ad is to many for a service i am paying for.
if you are going to be paying for a membership, there is no reason to have ads other than greed. you have my money, hulu. that means you don't put 3_6 one minute ads in a 20 minute episode of a show. why do you need my money and companies' money_ quit being greedy, or make the membership free.
all u need to do is get rid of the ads
i have both hulu plus and netflix out of the two netflix wins hands down_ i hate that i am paying to watch so many ads. i mean maybe if it was just once half way through but not everyone couple of minutes. with netflix i don't have to sit here and waste time watching ads. the hulu app is always crashing or buffering. i never have that problem with netflix_ and i can watch a tv show from the begining on netflix not just a couple of episodes. you obviously get more bang for your buck with netflix_
not only do i pay 8 bucks a month for basically ads i can't even get it to load fix this please_
the latest update has destroyed my ability to watch an actual show. the initial ad plays and then a never ending buffering sequence starts.  please fix it so that i can continue to use hulu on my phone
ads and poor app interface
understandable on the computer because its free for everyone but i watch it on my playstation and now my phone and why am i paying for ads
so you are paying as much for this as for netflix and they have ads, they say the ads offset the _next day streaming_ but since the shows that matters for are already included on your cable providers' app, you are paying for nothing. also there's ads in older shows and things you can see ad free on netflix. if you are going to charge, and need to show ads to offset next day streaming, only have ads on the next day streaming.  also the app randomly crashes, will run fine for half a show and then insist you turn down the quality setting _which seems to have no affect on the quality at all_  of course the best part of the ads are the fact that they tend to hard crash you out of the app and some times make you have to restart your device.  also, in the time i've used it _about 2 years_ the selection has gotten poor and sketchy. not worth it at all. only have it installed still because they threw a free month at me for trying to cancel. soon as that's up it's gone.   it's a shame cause they used to be worth it. now it's just broken and pathetic.
after reading all the bad review s i decided not to download ..... its not very good when you pay for a subscription and have to watch ads and deal with crashes .... sorry guys but i'd rather just stick to my netflix
lately, the app has been freezing on commercials to buffer and the buffering goes one for minutes at a time and then plays for a few seconds and does this again. this has happened on multiple networks i have been connected to and have had no problems operating other data intensive ads on said networks.
ads were there should be and all the great tv shows i love hulu plus
i hate all the ads
come on were paying for the service, and your providing it, but with ads, get rid of them. i just switched back to netflix.
you guys should update hulu so it can work with the split screen phones. all tru galaxy fans want this. an even better idea would be to create a widget for hulu so we can watch from our home screen or you can show ads for new shows. imma give the same idea to netflixs and see who does it first.
uninstalled reinstalled it works for my ps4 and computer just fine but wont play shows just ads then says unknown error that freezes the screen.
hulu plus suppose to be ad free,but ads all the time. easier to watch the networks web sites to catch up. at least you know you are going to get ads
to much ads. if we paying our money we shouldn't see any ads. do something about it cause it's really annoying
i show absolutely adore how incredibly thoughtfully hulu can be. so many times, i've thought to myself, _why can't i pay, twice if i'm using my data plan, to watch extra advertisement_ and then hulu sweeps down with its grace, and closes my app. this may not seem like a solution to my desire for more commercials, but they have timed this to,without fail, follow a commercial. this in turn allows me to open the app again and bask in the glory of an extra advertisement. because, can we really get enough_
ads play more frequentlyfrequently and in higher quality than the shows you pay to watch.
was interested in the ability to watch tv series vs movies. however, i concur with others_  the constant ads that i cannot forward through _even with plus_ lack of seasons _i.e. starting at season 1_ and the lack of episodes within each season _half of any given seasons' episodes_, simply do not warrant the cost.  cancelling subscription, and will view free version on occasion.
the app periodically crashes and  there's an intermittent buffering issue after an hour or so of play. i keep having to open the android application manager to clear the cache. the ads are poorly integrated into the video _ occasionally cut out parts of scenes. also, why are there 6 or 8 ads per hour long tv show, half of which are advertising hulu plus when we already pay a the hulu plus monthly subscription_ _which will be cancelled bc we watch free tv shows _ the _ of ads are the same._
the app periodically crashes and  there's an intermittent buffering issue after an hour or so of play. i keep having to open the android application manager to clear the cache. the ads are poorly integrated into the video _ occasionally cut out parts of scenes. also, why are there 6 or 8 ads per hour long tv show, half of which are advertising hulu plus when we already pay a the hulu plus monthly subscription_ _which will be cancelled bc we watch free tv shows _ the _ of ads are the same._
what is the deal with the ads every 5 minutes_  this is annoying. none of your competitors insert ads into their paid service.  you have a good selection of shows but i would rather pay 2 competitors to get the same selection than have to sit through all these ads.
shows on days after they air and amazing, ads are annoying but its fine._
the app works great for watching shows, but i find it pretty crappy that even though i pay every month, i still have to sit through sooo many ads. it seems like there are ads every 5 minutes, and they are the same ones over and over. i would give 5 stars if i didn't have to deal with all the freaking ads_
take away the ads between shows
except that everytime the third ad comes on my screen it doesnt play and it takes forever to load back up after its done messing up if u fix this for 4.2 kitkat then ill rate 5 stars
hulu plus is good. watch new episodes the day after they air, which is better than waiting for the season to end like with netflix. yes, hulu has ads, not that big of a deal. 3 commercials are over in a minute and a half. decent content. the app is the weak point. i have to restart it to go to the next episode almost every time. it just hangs up. very bothersome. fix the issues hulu_
why would i pay for so many ads
if i want to pay for ads i might as well stick with dish. i understand the need to throw one in here and there but i get them every 6 minutes. i won't pay for that. thanks but no thanks
hulu is awesome i have had it for months ya there's a lot of ads cause its tv shows just like cable and if you don't like ads then get netflix
ok so i ignored all if the add nonsense and went ahead and got hulu plus and let me tell you. no wonder it took me so long to get it_ one episode of the voice and after every audition they had four ads in a row. this is worse than cable_ not to mention movies are out dated and who wants to pay to watch preview of good movies. literally a whole catagory to movie previews non ad related. please...common sense i get enough movie previews on youtube which is free. last episodes dont play in order automatically.
i'm not understanding why i have to pay for this but can't watch anything without seeing the ads in the middle of the show that i'm watching. needs to be fixed
no matter how i watch it,  it's constantly buffering.  if we're having to pay for it,  then we shouldn't have to deal with the ads
both my lg 4g lte phone, and hp tablet stop after every single episode and i have to  manually select the next one. very annoying, please fix. and i can handle all the ads, but so many services disconnections its crazy. hulu vs netflix.....hulu has more new tv, but like no good movies ads, better interface, but horrible bugs_
just plays ads. actual video just buffers. followed the suggestion on hulu's help page _ uninstall then reinstall...now i can't relogin. this app is garbage. i'm  canceling the subscription.
ok it's awesome but the thing is is half the episodes u have to pay for and it always says buffering like every five seconds to load and it's pretty slow with a lot of ads but it's great to watch some tv shows like that i will give u 5 stars if u wont make us pay at all for anything but other the  that a pretty  good  app
netflix gets you shows without ads and is a hell of a lot easier than hulu. in the past hulu plus was where you paid and didn't have ads. they are making enough money already what's wrong with these people.
i have amazon prime, netflix, _ hulu. of the 3, hulu is the slowest and has the worst layout. hulu is slow from loading to switching between shows. the ads of course are awful, it's really bad marketing b_c it makes me hate the product they are advertising when it interrupts my shows. i would've tolerated it though b_c hulu has 2 things netflix _ amazon don't _ current seasons and more anime variety. however hulu app on ps4 platform is very bad. it's buggy and buffers on popular shows. thus, cancelled.
i have amazon prime, netflix, _ hulu. of the 3, hulu is the slowest and has the worst layout. hulu is slow from loading to switching between shows. the ads of course are awful, it's really bad marketing b_c it makes me hate the product they are advertising when it interrupts my shows. i would've tolerated it though b_c hulu has 2 things netflix _ amazon don't _ current seasons and more anime variety. however hulu app on ps4 platform is very bad. it's buggy and buffers on popular shows. thus, cancelled.
it has a lot of advertising, but that doesn't bother me_ versus cable when i was paying _50_mo to watch the same shows with far more ads and not nearly the on demand content. i think hulu is better than other services. it's only 1 day behind on most episode updates. the bad reviews are primarily people that feel the whole universe revolves around them and them alone.
it has a lot of advertising, but that doesn't bother me_ versus cable when i was paying _50_mo to watch the same shows with far more ads and not nearly the on demand content. i think hulu is better than other services. it's only 1 day behind on most episode updates. the bad reviews are primarily people that feel the whole universe revolves around them and them alone.
too many ads and constantly buffering
i can somewhat manage living with the ads but the quality of the videos i watch aren't as _high_
this app sucks used to be great now with the ads buffering every 3 seconds it takes an hour to watch a 30 min show...fix it asap or give us paying customers our money back_
hulu itself has amazing potential. the app is fine. it has all of the movies and shows i could ask for. my only grips is da freaking ads. one time, i had to sit through like 10 ads and they were like 10_15 minutes apart from each other. now if hulu can play the ads in the beginning, that would be fine. that way the best part of the show or movie i am watching isn't interrupted by a toilet paper commercial
i pay for this app.  i don't want to choose my ad experience.  i don't want 2 minute infomercials, and i don't want my ads in spanish unless i intervene.   i'd also really like to use this on my nexus player.  since it updated to lollipop hulu won't even open.  money well spent.
i got my free trial and then got rid of it and now i want to buy it and it won't let me and during the free trial, it had ads like every 5 minutes in the show i would watching _
ps less ads please
hate the interruption of all the ads it seems like there's more and more
too many ads when watching episodes_ not including you cant find anything on this app like you do on netflix would not recommend it.
the ads play in hd but the shows load every minute or two. fix this....it's ridiculous for a service that's not free.
i already hve netflix. i want to subscribe w_ u also but i c sooo many bad ratings cause of the amount of ads u play during the movies or shows. i'll subscribe once u fix tht problem. hopefully u tht its a problem w_ the ads cause evry1 is complaining bout them.
i am paying for something that has  ads not to mention it doesnt have all my shows thiswhat a waste of money.
five ads between breaks_ why do we pay 8 bucks a month and have as many ads as the free apps.._  time to cancel_
wanted to see the first part of season 4 of _once upon a time_ but it wouldn't let me without hulu plus and a free week with credit card info. was assuming with paid membership there would be no ads. it still has more ads than tv does, even paying_ will finish these episodes and cancel hulu plus and praying that canceling is easy after only 24 hours of plus membership. what a rip off_
shut up its great they got spongebob maybe theirs ads but i mean spongebob
it keeps on buffering like every 5 seconds and its getting annoying. and every time an ad is over the app always closes.
every time i i'm watching a show and it goes to useless ads it seems to crash and then i have wait a few days and start the episode all over again sooooo why am i paying for a subscription if have continuously do it every time i try using this app.......the shows are good but not that good for these problems whats the customer service number or will have send an e_mail to get this cancelled.......that's it i'll wait for the shows i like to go on netflix.....sorry hulu but not really fix this quick
what is going on with this app_ it's constantly stopping to buffer the show that i'm watching and telling me to change to low quality and when i select low quality the show will not play. however the ads or commercials play well without any interruption. please don't tell me to unistall and reinstall because i have done that twice.  please fix this or i'm going to switch to netflix this is ridiculous.   thank you.
why the hell would i pay money to watch these shows when there are 3 minute ads every 5 minutes_ i've had the trial for less than 10 minutes now and will absolutely not renew it when it's time to pay.. too bad bc the thought of watching my tv shows if i've missed them was so awesome_ i don't even have to watch ads when i dvr my shows why would i pay more on top of my cable bill for it. so frustrating_
won't load anything... you guys should focus on making the ui and customer experience better rather than shoving ads down our throat and giving us a half baked app
dearest hulu, while i appreciate your commitment to quality programming, i would appreciate it if you could find it within your self to stop asking me what type of advertising i prefer. if you really want to know, i would prefer no commercials. zero. i would even be inclined to pay an extra dollar or even 2 _based on your subscription base_ to have the advertising i despise so much, and try so hard to prevent from infecting the minds of myself and family, fully removed from my subscription. thank you.
show will play fine _ until it cuts to ads, then the stupid app keeps buffering _ occasionally playing the 1st ad, then locks up during following ad. have to continually kill the app and restart. then, it tries to play all the ads again _not even giving credit for any i might have watched during the several kill_restart cycles_ _ only to lock up during buffering for another ad. too frustrating to use anymore_
i've been trying to watch south park for a while and all i've gotten is an eyeful of advertising.  it shows a cc promo, cuts to black, loads, shows a 30 second ad, cuts to black, loads, shows another 30 second ad,loading... opening credits, loading... yet another 30 second ad, and then when i am fully saturated with advertising, on a subscription service i pay for, the video crashes, citing an _unknown error_ and when i resume playback, it puts me right back at the beginning of all those ads.
i've been trying to watch south park for a while and all i've gotten is an eyeful of advertising.  it shows a cc promo, cuts to black, loads, shows a 30 second ad, cuts to black, loads, shows another 30 second ad,loading... opening credits, loading... yet another 30 second ad, and then when i am fully saturated with advertising, on a subscription service i pay for, the video crashes, citing an _unknown error_ and when i resume playback, it puts me right back at the beginning of all those ads.
_8 a month for 6_8 ads per show_
i like hulu because it has some good shows and movies and i would of gave it a 5 stars, but i gave it 1 stars because it freezes a lot and it has a lot of ads and it's missing a lot of episodes  and seasons from different shows plus i still have to pay _7.99 _ this app needs a lot of work . please fix this app asap
the ads are so annoying ur trying to hard to make hulu look like real tv and u need to dile it down a bit_
offer great selection but auto play doesn't work for me. i also believe there should be a premium for ad free. i'd pay for that. also the app is extremely laggy despite my internet connection to be 20mbps. i have exceeded the requirements and it is still laggy please fix
what's the point in bring a member of you get ads.  i can just watch on my comp for free
having ads and paying for it reason number 1 why netflix is was better. reason number 2 is it actually works and doesn't buffer all the time. 3 doesn't forget what you were watching if you get out of the app. 4 it's the not worst provider for television.
love the app just wish there wasn't soo many ads. wish they had current seasons.
it's great if you want current shows. yes you get ads. if you didn't get ads you would be paying cable prices. when you watch movies on hulu, you get no ads.  hulu also has the criterion collection. if you like cinema, get hulu.
i enjoy watching anime on hulu and i love watching episodes that are no longer on tv for example naruto the only problem is that the dub version is way behind the sub version, on top of that i find it annoying with all the ads and the rack that hulu could use the monthly money they get to keep the dub versions up to date along with the normal tv shows. i'd give this app a 5 star but there are too many ads and dub is way behind, please get dub up to date and my rating will go up
didn't like the layout,  too many ads while i pay for the app every month. i wanted to watch a few tv shows but i could only watch a few episodes_ seriously_
you have a better selection if you don't pay and just go online. you pay for plus and get far less content in the app. there are almost always 5 ads for every break. the app often closes at the end of the ads and then you have to watch the ads over again when you open the app again. they even slip in another ad break right before the credits to make you think the show has more then after the ads you just get credits. there are free streaming services that have less ads, less buffering and less issues.
i hate that .i have to wait 150 or 160 for ad . i understand 30 or 60 but 150 no way.to much ad please fix it.
i'll be watching an episode and when it gets to a point for a commercial it rewinds back to the scene that started right after the ad before. i'm not the only one having this problem please fix this.
that's why i quite watching regular television to many commercials. some nice programs but thumbs down. will dump after week trail.i will stay with netflix 8.99 for hd service absolutely no ads.. would rate zero if i could.
isn't it enough that you place 3_4 full length commercials between scenes on the tv shows_ why do i have to watch 30sec ads between each 3min clip_ that's ridiculous. you guys are more advertising than actual content. i'm going to have to find some other way to watch current shows because you guys have gotten crazy with this.
isn't it enough that you place 3_4 full length commercials between scenes on the tv shows_ why do i have to watch 30sec ads between each 3min clip_ that's ridiculous. you guys are more advertising than actual content. i'm going to have to find some other way to watch current shows because you guys have gotten crazy with this.
i'm really considering to cancel it. i can see one or two ads but six on one 30 min show is ridiculous. so if this continue i will just cancel my subscription
finds show. clicks play. it shows what is the recommended age. 30 second ad. ad buffers for a full minute. stops app and goes to netflix. 11_10_ign
i understand the need for the ads for the contracts you have to put shows out there quickly...only downs i've had is creating on my ps3 and 4 and the whole not having all episodes but netflix got your back on that
for some reason none of the content will play now. except ads. shows buffering for a few eeconds then the back ten illuminates cantent fails to play
there is almost every popular anime show on here with only two or three short ads per episode_
we pay and still have to watch commercials_ don't get me wrong i love that they have a large selection but i dont understand why we still have to see ads...
i'm not paying a monthly fee for all of theses ads. great idea but you've failed miserably. i'm terminating my account right now. _0 stars_
never mind prime and netflix will do the job. and also the quality stream is not as crystal clear as the others basically low quality is likely 144p to 360p stream. and high quality is 360p to 480p stream. no really good 720p to 1080p quality stream like netflix and prime has. the ui needs a upgrade modern look to. overall i give 5 for effort.  then you get ads and paying with no way of removing them.lastly the content doesn't compete well of enough with what the other 2 has available to stream on them.
since update of operating system _android_ the buffering has been awful. i can't watch a single show. the opening ad doesn't even load so you know there is a major issue. i tried deleting the app and reloading, deleting the cache, logging out and in again several times. no luck. no point in keeping this app if i can't watch anything.
hey, hulu is a great service. if you love tv then you should definitely subscribe_ it's _8 a month people. i really don't see the problem. yes, there are adds, but if you pay for dish or direct tv you also get ads and you actually pay more a month_ you do the math. or just complain more you whiney cry babies. if you really can't stand a few ads then i don't know what to tell you. i'm sure once hulu gets more paying subscribers the ads will go away_ here's hoping_
yes you heard it here first folks i pay 8_ a month and now the update is ad free_
almost none of the shows we watch are closed captioned, which makes watching hulu pretty frustrating if you have hearing loss. kinda no reason so many shows should be without cc, especially since hulu is owned by the major networks and certainly has the resources to figure it out.  also, yeah, the amount of ads is just dumb. why should i be paying for ads when i can stream all these shows and more with a quick google search_ evolve the business model, guys. its dumb.
my screen goes black after the opening ad. worst streaming app ever.
way too many ads. connection keeps dropping, on my mobile network, on wi_fi, on my ps3. and i know it's not my internet, because netflix and youtube are running just fine.
i use to love hulu, but for the last month the ads won't load properly and eventually crashes the app. will put 5 stars if problem gets fixed soon. i can't even watch my shows anymore....what am i paying for_ hulu should really take ads off until the problem is fixed so the app won't crash.
too many advertisements_commercials. but i love that i can stream anywhere _as long as there is a strong wifi connection_.
ad suck but not that bad.  hate that you cant watch previous seasons. needs newer movies
the reason hulu is able to have so many more shows than netflix or amazon instant video is because it has ads. if ads were removed then much of the content would also have to be removed. you can't have both no commercials and tons of shows, you can only have one or the other.
you pay for a subscription the same amount as netflix and still have ads. that sucks. no new episodes of blacklist. that sucks. however i can watch shows that i can't watch at their regularly aired time.
i've had hulu for maybe less than 6 hours and these ads are dumb. they have great shows on here but the ads kill it.
if there was a way to delete history, that would be nice and having ads every five minutes is ridiculous. didn't pay to have ads every five minutes. another thing is the app keeps freezing and closing when i'm in the middle of a show.
atleast once a day hulu freezes my nexus 9.  have to hold in the pwr button _ restart... its been going on for atleast 2 months, and a simple google shows many others wi nexus 9's are having the same issue which is hulu.  other than that i really like hulu. except for ads. i pay for the subscription. you'd think you'd give me a little break on the ads, that and they mostly won't load.  it has nothing to do with any settings bc at random it just won't load the ad....
well i was going to pay to subscribe but as i can see everyone complains about ads at this app
the app works like it should. the whole ads stuff shouldn't count against it. though paying for a service with so many ads does suck. the app is far more stable here than the one on my smart tv.
hulu wants you to think that they have to show you ads because of their contracts with the owner of the content. however, hulu is owned by the people that own the content, so they are just ripping off people too stupid to know that they are being taken advantage of..crap service even if it was 100_ free. netflix is a trillion times better_ also, crackle is free and has less commercials.
too many ads.  sucky movies.  you might as well watch tv youtube or the networks website.
to all complaining about the ads please understand the reason for it. my favorite part of help is being able to stay up to date on my shows . the  only way hull can provide that is through ads . that's the only reason i can think of to justify the ads.
the app _ the service on my tv is great for having up_to_date series episodes, but the shows you watch is ridiculous. if you fall asleep _ their next suggested series starts playing, they add it to shows you watch when i do not watch them _ that's completely separated from your favorites or queued shows _ it can't be changed_ the only thing saving hulu is new episodes. like it's the most obnoxious interface i've ever seen _ they need to change it. it's frustrating_ also, the ads are so frequent it's crazy.
for some reason used to be very good and was happy with the service. can even tolerate the ads but lately plays the ad fine and buffers constantly playing the show. i know is not my connection because ran multiple test and even contacted their support team and they said i'm more than fine on requirements.
way too many ads..im canceling during the free trial.
sometimes there are 5 ads for every break. meaning,  there are 15 ads per episode. fix this. if we pay this shouldn't happen.
updated shows. please get rid of the ads. too many during a show.
i can't watch a show without having to watch 30 seconds ads popping every five minutes
i watch hulu plus cause of the korean dramas. there are other apps _dramafever,vicki_ to get it ad free...as well netflix eventhough they dont have as a wide variety as yours  but atleast there is no ads_ i get that it has to have ads, but if your paying for it..can you atleast cut down on the commercials..also i would like a current selection on movies...js
we like the continuous current content _hulu's strength_ but the ads kill it, not in the way you think. i can tolerate a bit of ad marketing...but....first, seeing the same 2 ads with every commercial break to starts to grind, i can't stand it after awhile and have to mute it. second, watching _kids_ rated shows with _strongly adult_ oriented commercials which even my kids say is inappropriate is a turn off and we have to find other ways for the kids to watch content, this is where netflix shines for us.
k this is stupid and bs missing episodes advertisement even if ur a paying member stick to netflix people this app is a waste of ur time
so we have to pay to watch commercials...whatever,  you can see shows on hulu that u cant source elsewhere.  thats the only good thing about it. watching the actual show works but these pos ads actually force close the program. we don't need hi def ad's people. good gawd. oh, and showing a 30 second spot after a commercial followed by another three_ not cool hulu. about to cancel my 10 yr subscription.
they have pretty good tv show and a lot of episodes they just need to fix the ads thing
too much ad's
i like hulu because it has some good shows and movies and i would of gave it a 5 stars, but i gave it 3 stars because it freezes a lot and it has a lot of ads and it's missing a lot of episodes  and seasons from different shows plus i still have to pay _7.99 _ this app needs a lot of work . please fix this app asap
initial ad loads _of course_ and screen stays black with network logo. app eventually crashes
please let me pay more money to get rid of the ads
giving this a go since i'll be getting one month for free. so far i'm not liking how it's full of ads even with being a subscriber. that and it buffers a lot. i know it's not my connection because netflix works just fine. hopefully this gets resolved or i'll be canceling.
when i click to watch a show, the ads plays perfectly, but then the show doesn't pop up as the buffering service takes forever and i have a high speed internet server. is a galaxy tab not good for hulu_ this needs to be fix fast
what's with the ads_ i pay the same price for netflix and there are no ads...i'm not okay with this...please change and i'll improve the rating.
this is the worst app ever. it's so stupid that the ads play perfect on my smartphone, but whenever it's going to start playing the episode, it crashes_ every. single. time. it can't be more annoying than that. plus, why the heck am i paying _8.75 for a service that, first of all, doesn't work on my phone, and second, it still shows me ads_ i'd understand that from a brand new tv show that came just a few days, but dang, if i want to watch a 10_ year old show, i'm still stuck with 3 friking ads. not cool...
honestly, i don't really mind the ads. the part that is getting really irritating is that the app will just crash out of nowhere and then i have to find my show again, figure out where i left off, and watch all the ads over again. there is no reason why you can't figure this out.
ads are not bad... really they help them get more shows.  and its like 2 minutes of ads tops for each video, cable is 7_12...
i have no problems watching netflix.  when i attempt to watch hulu, i get all kinds of trouble,  but no problems watching ads.  technical sucks and they try to blame your equipment.   i will cancel.  i want to watch on my tv, but always have problems.   netflix has no commercials and better service.
i dont think i should be paying to watch ads. either make it free or remove them.
i pay a monthly fee with this many ads....they will never be able to keep up with other apps if they keep this up.
every time i finish a show i have to go through the reconnecting process to cast another episode. also the queue function does not work and it does not automatically play the next episodes. regardless of these defects i still like hulu plus because a lot of shows are available and despite the ads the streaming is fast.
pay for ads...wtf... i pay so i don't wanna see adds, why are you still doing this. all the anime that you guys have gives it the 4 stars it doesn't deserve. without such a vast collection you would just get 3.
every time a show ends everything freezes up and the app has to be completely closed and restarted. and if a show is paused for more than like 2 seconds it will not save its place and restarts the show when unpaused. makes it not worth paying for if you have to sit through a million commercials and it glitches out all the time and you end watching even more commercials_ and its always the same flippin commercials that make you hate what they are advertising_ need to step your game up hulu if you wanna keep
app crashes too frequently. paid service with entirely too many ads... app usually crashes trying to load commercials. utter junk.
this piece of garbage is nothing but an ad riddled trash. get rid of it. the garbage that ads are needed to keep cost low is bullshit.
episodes are missing, movies are crap and too many ads. will switch to netflix. sorry hulu, you had your chance.
are we really paying to watch ads. what a load of crap. i don't get ads forced on me with netflix. what kind of crap is this. if we pay for the service it should be ad free.
for everyone whining about the 30 second  ad's feel feel to pay 120 a month with time warner
too ads. for the rest it is fine.
don't mind the ads, not a lot of movies though, that sucks.
i can only watch one episode or show at a time before it freezes. i also wish there was a way to autoplay a series or season like netflix does. the ads are pretty annoying too.
horrible app way to many ads n now u have to pay for it to i wud give no stars if i could defiantly wud not recommend this app to anyone and i will be sure to tell everyone i know not to use it at all
won't play. ad will not buffer.
fix the ads problem
so i am paying to watch tv with ads. ummmm i can do that for free, i won't be renewing
ads way too often, before and after show intros sometimes. how do i add entire season to queue_ i won't pay for this with ads.
i don't mind the ads too much but i do gotta admit there's too much of them for someone who's paying for it. plus the app constantly freezes and crashes for a sec. i thought it was my phone until i saw plenty other ppl were having the same problem. somebody needs to fix this asap.
so many ads don't download dis
ad's ruined the programs playing ability. they say 30 second ad well that turns into 2 minutes just waiting for the ad to load_ i am very disappointed in hulu i thought they were better than cable when dealing with greed but i was wrong they are in it for the money
the ads take forever to end. it would be better without adds
too many ads and when i started a new the new season oh the 100 it starts at episode 11 what am i paying for because the free version was the same
great for watching movies and tv.  the ads are annoying, but if they keep the price down i can deal. good customer service.
ads are ok, because it's new episodes. but why not put the whole season on it, if you miss episodes they get deleted. they should leave all episodes of that season on the choice list
if i didn't have the first month free, i'd be highly dissatisfied. i tried hulu because netflix does not have season 11 of grey's anatomy, and thought i might switch if i preferred it, but the app continues to shut down completely and stop working after every other ad, which by the way, netflix doesn't have. then when i restart the app i have to watch the same set of ads all over again. after reading so many people complain about the same thing, plus updates, i'm not sure they even care to fix the problem.
i can somewhat tolerate the ads on my laptop, but when i watch hulu plus on my phone there's an ad every 30 seconds_  the ads last longer and the actual show time_ just makes me want to delete my hulu plus account. why am i paying 8 dollars a month to watch ads_
if you can't watch the show at original air time. but you're also paying for ads
paid and then i get commercials and not just one or two, a whole series of ads.  i will stick with netflix.
i was really disappointed because of the lack of shows,ads _even when i purchased hulu plus_  good thing i have 7 days for free_
for the people complaining about ads _ yes netflix doesnt have ads _ but they also arent putting out current content that airs on tv. if i miss an episode of vikings _ boom i can watch it the next day. don't see that on netflix. and yeah the 2 min ad i think i have the patience to wait through.
its not great. the first few episodes of every season are missing and i don't see why there are ads when i'm already paying you_
i wish that the ads where gone then hulu would be perfect
app is pretty good, but has some issues that shouldn't exist in a quality application.  if you pause and stay away to the point the device sleeps you have to start your show over. you can't fast forward to where you last were either. otherwise works well. there are advertisements.
_on phone_ only the ads are working once the show comes on nothing but a black screen. have to uninstall and reinstall for it to work all the time.
i can understand why you have ads. i mean, netflix doesn't make me watch ads, but i'm sure you have your reasons. i can't understand why your app doesn't remember where i left off, and constantly restarts the show i'm  watching after ad breaks or if i have to pause long enough for my screen to sleep, and then makes me watch 2 more minutes of ads, and for added measure, kicks me back to the beginning again. i hate your app, if it weren't for the voice and empire i would drop you in an instant.
so, the ads stop after the free trial right_ if not why the heck do i have to pay for it_ why are the commercial 10xs louder than the shows_ hulu is horrible.
get rid of ads.
great variety of show especially my kdramas, but ads are too frequent.
i have not experienced  a single crash or problem with this app. im betting all the complaints are from apple users. and the reason there is ada even though you pay is becuase you get shows that require  hulu plus hulu has to load so many currebt shows it cant afford watching  alone. without ads hulu coulsnt affird to run
every time i try to watch something i get an error message. sometimes it's a minute into or half way threw.. and it's so annoying cause i have to start from the beginning and watch the stupid ads again. please fix
this father but would be better if they did not give results more ads than last and that some programs that can not be seen and ask for nuevo.la account if it is assumed that you are paying with the card
m only allowed to view the ad.
the downside is q give many ads between films .. addition do not have them in spanish with sub .. in all other mefacina x q have a variety of animes ..
the advertising should be removed because what one wants is to see movies when they do not ads will give the two missing stars
the advertising should be removed because what one wants is to see movies when they do not ads will give the two missing stars
he continued to gain after desuscribi me and a bad app. pay and always gives you ads
i like, very good app, was excellent if following chapters corridos and gave no ads
the ads are way too big and obnoxious... edit_ full page ads now_
absolutely loved the older versions of this app. the new ads are extremely annoying. they take up way too much of the screen.
this app used to be adless. the latest update basically doubles the height of the existing ads. i wonder what's in store for the next great update_
ads can be quite annoying...
this app used to be adless. the latest update basically doubles the height of the existing ads. i wonder what's in store for the next great update_
2014. i like the app. but it seems like the longer i have used it, fewer star photos show up for the casts. 2016, netflix ad every 10 seconds now_ imdb is getting worse. _
1st of all the ads are really irritating... 2nd of all i cannot add a movie to my own lists, though i can do it on ios _ finally the videos are loading really slow though i have perfectly fast int. connection... really dissatisfied
app does its job,  but at the cost of my eyes screaming _what's with all the flipping white_ and i already have the amazon app installed, so less of the full width banner ads please
this isn't 2005. please remove the intrusive banner ads _ simply offer a paid app free version or in_app purchase to remove ads. cluttered looking interface. quickly becoming obsolete with google search offering cleaner looking results.
this is a great app. it integrates well with android, though the holo look is getting a bit dated in the age of material design. you can get a lot of information and even buy movie tickets. and it's not a shoe_horned ios app. but the ads are really annoying. i'm pleased there's an option to turn them off temporarily, but they really detract from the elegance of the app. i would consider paying for a premium app to get rid of them if it were available. surely there's a way to do ads well, where imdb can receive compensation in a way that doesn't detract from the experience of consuming on their app.
ads ads ads ads.. bad... ruins.
f u imdb get rid of the ads all over the place good by app u guys are fn morons
let me remove the ads already.
usually have no complaints about this app. however, ads have become so prevalent that i am unistalling it.
used to be a good app, but the ads have gotten to be way too much.  why can't advertisers figure out that people hate popups_
used to be a good app, but the ads have gotten to be way too much.  why can't advertisers figure out that people hate popups_
if you actually get to the message boards after half of the app is covered by an ad you can't close, they happen to be the worst version of them possible. if you click on a thread a page or more down, when you go back to the list, it always returns you to page 1. it's very annoying.
i used to love this app but now the ads are too aggressive. i spend more time closing ads than i do being able to actually see the imdb content.  it's like they don't want you to see the app content.  well, they win. i got the message loud and clear.
i want a paid version with no ads. sick of your full screen ads and ads in the beginning of trailers.
useful as always, but is it really necessary to have an ad covering up the bottom half of every screen_
super informative and i'd pay so i don't have to see the ads at the bottom. let me know when you have an ad free version
_2nd update 2_14_16 using wifi doesnt help, now taking 40_60 seconds to open from white screen. click on anything 60 secs of black screen. it's ads jamming app up._ update_ working, not working, working. _when first opening its a white screen for a long long time. too many ads trying to load is my guess. app is going to a black screen and crashing when i click on movie times. wth happened_ app was awesome. used it for years. i have verizon 4g xlte with full bars so don't even blame internet.
update_ working, not working, working. _when first opening its a white screen for a long long time. too many ads trying to load is my guess. app is going to a black screen and crashing when i click on movie times. wth happened_ app was awesome. used it for years. i have verizon 4g xlte with full bars so don't even blame internet.
too many ad's.....already started to dislike this... this app is not like any other free app... one has to realize _
i would happily pay for an ad free version.
great content. too many ads.
open up the app, click on a trailer to play it, and the first thing pops up as an ad. i understand the need for them, but must they be so overly obnoxious_ will give higher rating when the ads aren't so obtrusive. chromecast support would also be nice.
i use it all the time but it's really slow and clunky. there's no reason why it should suck this much. and remove the ads_ we're looking at pages for upcoming movies_ those are ads.
can't watch a trailer without watching a stupid ad for a totalllll fifteeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeen minutes_
please make ads shorter and skip_ able. i hate watching trailers on this app. going to look for a better movie review app in the mean time.
the banner ads i could live with, but forcing you to watch an ad every time you want to watch a trailer is too much for this user. ..uninstalling_
too many ads and redirects while using...makes for unpleasant experience
good app but dont like the pop up ads now
love this app. but the ads are a little too much.
the ads are seriously annoying. i'd rather pay to get rid of them. stupid music_ also, what's with the audio marketing that you can't get rid off unless you force close the app. unusable for me. sadly.
the app is ok. trailers have a forced advert...really annoying when its a 20 second teaser. the worst part is it will show 'watch this on amazon prime' just a total lie. most of the films that have that are on netflix or not available for streaming...
trick. play trailer video _ press back _ play video again. _ads gone_ save our time 15_30 sec waste ads video_ ads seen start increase longer... not happy...
the ads take up a good chunk of screen real estate, and i'm never going to click on one. let me support you, and make me happier. chromecast support would be awesome as well, but i'm not going to take off a star for that.
i just updated the app and now it loads for half an hour just freeze after the black _imdb_ loading screen. just use the website and leave the ads behind.
i use imdb all the time with my friends as a quick reference when we're talking movies or tv, and it's so nice to see an app that just steadily improves. this latest version is so quick and smooth it's a pleasure. yes the ad's are annoying but it's the obvious choice for monetization. really nice job, and give the kid who optimized the quick search system an 'atta boy'
i was okay with the banner ads well because... you offered a great free app. then you updated and changed the entire ui of the app, making it worse, still was okay with this because its a useful app. but now its completely full of glitches and there are ads for the freaking trailers_ your website doesn't even have trailer ads so whats the point of having the app when your website is ad free, glitch free and has way more options. get it together.
want less or remove ads video_ start fed up with it..
even with reasonable broadband. as for the constant nagging advert for amazon, its bad enough with a pop_up but adding video adverts is even worse.
generally, i like this app.  love all the information.  in the latest version, however, videos freeze running under lollipop, typically just after the ad finishes and the trailer starts.  no way restart them.  have not experienced this problem on our kitkat tablet.
i'd pay for an amazon ads free version
i love the look of this app. my only complaint is the annoying banner ads but i understand the need, it's not that bad.
it's frustrating having to wait for the main screen to load before i can even search for anything, which is the main action i'm going to ever be doing with the app. and the ads along the bottom are always covering up content causing a lot accidental clicks... a paid version to get rid of ads would be welcome, even with the current performance.
newest update is just a way to cram more ads on the screen.
i use this app all the time and love it...except for the pesky ads. i would be more than willing to pay for a premium, ad_free version because i think the app deserves it. with the ad delivery they have now, it is just sooooo intrusive and takes away from the whole experience.
ota okay, but you can't search in genres. the suggestions for similar films are a let down, and can some times be totally off the mark. there's adverts before every trailer
why do the ads have no problem loading and playing, but the trailers buffer like dial_up_ someone's getting robbed.
still needs chromecasting_ _1 star_ i'll assume they are pro ios. would like to see an ad free pay version too.......update_ wow....... still...... no......... chromecasting.............. _ 1 more _i will keep doing this with every update_
the ad bar at the bottom is poorly placed. esp if u are reading the msg boards, u have to keep hitting the 'x' just so u can hit the '20 more' posts button, and half the time accidently hitting the ad itself. also if you were on like page 3 or 4 of the msg board and read a post, when u come back it resets u back at page 1. which then u have to fight the ad bar to get back to the page u were on previously. please fix_
everyone who cares about movies knows how great imdb is. it's full of information on just about any movie _or tv show, although not as much info_. this app does a good job at having making imdb easier to browse on mobile, so it's not bad. a material update is definitely needed and the ability to easily add reviews _not ratings, reviews_ in the app would be nice too. i'd also like to see less ads _maybe a paid version of the app_ and showing other services besides amazon's in the _watch_ area. no community browsing for some reason or notifications for anything. definitely needs to be updated.
i use imdb mainly to check movie showtime, and it used to be great for that. now is way more difficult to navigate.  a guess advertising sponsors win again.
what used to be a great app is now maddening. unable to skip ads after 5 seconds and full ad then plays.
at first was ok. then advertising kinda annoyed me but what the hell today won't even open up
cant watch anything just showing pics, and even it can play something, its ads. stupid app uninstalled_
stop advertising amazon, would be more useful if the app gave options on where to watch, such as amazon, netflix, sky etc. not just limiting it to one service.
ads, memory killer, slow. far from good.
i really don't like ads on my phone. but i fully understand why they are there. could you possible offer a paid version without them_
everytime i watch a preview, i see the same ad for wendy's.  please randomize the ads_
since ads have started before previews loading time is crap and unwatchable. use youtube now for previews. much better
... could use a forward button when pressing the back button went to far back, esp after doing a search. ads are well let's say this has its share.
no chromecast support ..  that's a shame, almost a sin in today's era. no material design to make things worse_ugly. this app has been the same since ages. sure it's been maintained very well but no creativity, no willingness to add new stuff, except ads _ahem_. pull up your socks devs
once advert x is hit please limit it's reappearance.  double popups are very annoying.
everyone who cares about movies knows how great imdb is. it's full of information on just about any movie _or tv show, although not as much info_. this app does a good job at having making imdb easier to browse on mobile, so it's not bad. a material update is definitely needed and the ability to easily add reviews _not ratings, reviews_ in the app would be nice too. i'd also like to see less ads _maybe a paid version of the app_ and showing other services besides amazon's in the _watch_ area. good overall.
perfect accept for the ads
when you consider a preview is an ad for the movie, it's overkill putting ads on the ads.  also, your app doesn't cover the range you have on the website.
i wish there was a premium version to get rid of ads on the bottom of the page. i often use this app to read message boards. it's a total pain because 1_ you have to repeatedly click _show next 20_ any time you hit the back button from a thread that's not on the first page and 2_ it's easy to accidentally click on the ads on the bottom of the screen when hitting _next 20_.
kill the ads, even if it takes a _premium_ version.
this is a great app. it integrates well with android, though the holo look is getting a bit dated in the age of material design. you can get a lot of information and even buy movie tickets. and it's not a shoe_horned ios app. but the ads are really annoying. i'm pleased there's an option to turn them off temporarily, but they really detract from the elegance of the app. i would consider paying for a premium app to get rid of them if it were available. surely there's a way to do ads well, where imdb can receive compensation in a way that doesn't detract from the experience of consuming on their app.
ads are all over this app_
perfect accept for the ads
still needs chromecasting_ _1 star_ i'll assume they are pro ios. would like to see an ad free pay version too.......
thanks to the advertising before every clip, trailers do nothing other then play an pause then play then pause. pfft. what a joke_
try to use it and get annoying advertisements. don't want to use anymore to _simply_ get info.
update_ app freezing issue has been fixed, but now the video pauses half way and then audio repeats_ ads are still annoying. features i'd like to see added... a paid app upgrade to remove all ads, ability to save articles _ other members lists. and chrome cast_ why has chromecast streaming  feature not been added already_ get up with the times amazon_imdb_
some trailers, a lot of ads and for_pay movie links, etc.  quite disappointing_ at least they should offer a few full_length classic film_noir movies in high quality in order to encourage a minimum of two_ _or possibly even three_ star ratings.... very disappointing indeed_
i have to close an ad about every other page
i wanted to see a deadpool trailer... which i think is an ad, really... and i had to watch an ad before i could see it...i has to watch av as to see an ad... this is what it's come to... all hail out corporate masters_
video playback its terrible, the gui design is terrible and the introduction of video ads just makes it worst. at least adding to the wishlist works.
i really don't like ads on my phone. but i fully understand why they are there. could you possible offer a paid version without them_
... could use a forward button when pressing the back button went to far back, esp after doing a search. ads are well let's say this has its share
every time i tried to watch a trailer,an ad appeared and didn't even start.
ads ads ads and more ads get a update for free with no ads
i uninstalled it less than an hour after i installed it because the volume of ads is ridiculous.
updated and they still have ad in same place. learned nothing_  really annoying advert at the bottom of the page which keeps bringing up amazon website.  enough to want to uninstall this app
updated and they still have ad in same place. learned nothing_  really annoying advert at the bottom of the page which keeps bringing up amazon website.  enough to want to uninstall this app
love the app, keep up the good work, the ads are a little irritating though.
bad with ads
for any film lover, release dates, trailers and trivia are all here. watchlist enables you to track upcoming films. ads for amazon extremely wearing. would pay for ads free
functionality is great, but the ads are everywhere and no way to remove them. if they would give us an ad_free version for a few bucks that would be great.
i'd gladly buy a paid version that doesn't have the in top banner ads. they make me not want to go to the app.
ads ruined it
since amazon bought them, they've overly commercialized imdb. every screen you get an ugly pop over. yes, you can dismiss it, for now i bet, but it just comes back. they show totally irrelevant ads or ads for companies i despise _recently fired cable company for example_.  i don't mind ads, but obnoxious ones will lead me to remove this app.  also, prime customers shouldn't have to see ads.
you developers didn't update it to material design. it's been months. also, these ads are annoying.
i wish i could uninstall all the updates so i can finally watch an entire trailer without interruptions.                                  if the screen isn't turning when you turn up the volume, it randomly stops multiple times, not too mention the ads.
used to be a hell of an app. now it lags like a ba_tard every time i try to play a trailer. which have ads now. pretty lame. if it wasn't for the actor info, i would have uninstalled a long time ago.
now that the new update is working for me i deleted my previous review and updated it.  i would love to give this app five stars.  the problem is the advertising is intrusive and obstructive when using the app.  so many app's developed are ruined with aggressive advertising and if you pay up for the app you can enjoy it add free.  what ever happened to freeware type communities_  like my app and donate.  now your forced too if you like an app and do not want to be buged by advertising while you use it.
the ads have become obtrusive and cause you to constantly click them when trying to navigate the message boards.
i've used this app a lot and it was a 5 star app. latest update makes it useless.  app will load and you can navigate some menus but the problem comes when you try and search.  search queries will come up but once clicked the page will never load and are blank. can't sign in with any option. also,  every update seems to add more and more advertising gimmicks which really kills the experience and ease of use the app used to offer us. samsung galaxy s5
love imdb_ i would gladly pay a few bucks for an ad free version.
though i've a good internet connection the hd video trailers are crappy in terms of loading. whereas youtube loads 1080p videos on my connection without hiccups, something wrong with imdb_ irony here is that the ads with hi resolution in imdb load without breaking a sweat_
a ad free version would be great
why do we have to watch ads before we can watch other ads_
have a lots information but iits very heavy when playing trailer, i can play hq clip from youtube but it always buffering in here, dont know because the ads or what
still needs chromecasting_ _1 star_ i'll assume they are pro ios. would like to see an ad free pay version too.......
still needs chromecasting_ _1 star_ would like to see an ad free pay version too.......
why i still can't play trailer_   just text ads and images appear black_
15 second ads, come on_ too irritating to even to get thru two trailers, and i use to watch them all.
1 star because of ads.
ads...ads...ads _ more ads
stopped working when it does its too slow too many ads unistalled
it's frustrating having to wait for the main screen to load before i can even search for anything, which is the main action i'm going to ever be doing with the app. and the ads along the bottom are always covering up content causing a lot accidental clicks... a paid version to get rid of ads would be welcome, even with the current performance.
not very responsive, the ads are obtrusive, and hadn't had a material update
used to love this app, but now every single time i want to watch a featured trailer i have to watch the same un_skippable infuriatingly terrible amazon advertisement. get stuffed. _uninstalled
what happened to being able to skip those stupid ads after 5 seconds_ i'll watch my movie trailers elsewhere.
give us a way to remove the horrible, constant ads. they ruin the app experience. worst app ever. f_ckers. i still hate you.
i love this app, but sick of the ads now, especially if i go back 1 sec in a trailer it starts the ad all over again.
this app has become more _ more congested with ads. i was fine with the _semi_ persistent bar at the bottom of the screen, but there's times where that bar extends to 3_4 of the screen _ toss in the wandering _x_ button to close said ad _ that makes for one obnoxious experience. you guys have amazon leading with example on how to work the standard 'mildly obnoxious but at least consistent' ad format into their apps _ take a page out of their book instead of getting adventurous with ridiculous placements.
great app, but could you make the amazon adverts any more annoying_ or even look at the phone and see that the amazon app you keep advertising is already installed and stop showing it over and over_ this sort of advertising does make me want to boycott the products and services being advertised.
because i love movies. but the ads are getting longer when watching a trailer. also the ad stays on when the trailer has started, doubling the ad length.
worthless with no info. ad plastered. seems to have no point.
it only shows trailers i thought we could see movies i'm uninstalling it and all there is is advertisements
app itself is good. however first they started adding ads to trailers which recently became unskippable.  wtf_ trailers are ads for movies. why am i forced to watch an ad to see another ad_  two stars thanks to the app in itself being good. drop the ads, it's really annoying_
removed international release dates and replaced with theaters near you, if your in a participating country. also added ads to videos. the videos are all ready ads_ that's what a preview is.
the information is good but in the end it is a shopping site so the inclusion of advertising  on a site that in its self is an advert for films tv dvd and cinema times is selling advertising space on a advert. for that reason it loses two stars.
this is the update that puts advertisements everywhere
good app, don't like having to watch ads before video clips though... especially the same one over and over
great apps to many ads
brilliant app but the amazon ad's are a nightmare you used to be able to skip them not anymore please get rid
have always used this loads, chromecast ability would be great, also there's too many ads.
three updates in the past week_ i don't see any improvements. the app is a pos compared to the desktop version anyway. it's all ads and laggy.
it freezes after a few seconds of playing a trailer. think it's time to be fixed_ it happens on 4g _ wifi. think it's also time imdb added support for chrome cast_ the banner adverts are annoying as hell. update 15.7.15.. still glitchy as hell, no trailer will play properly at all_ so sick of it_ can't use imdb for trailers anymore_ very disappointing. will review my rating once this is fixed _samsung note 4_. update 25.7.15 yay videos are now playing_ rest of feedback still stands re adverts _ chrome cast.
this is a great app. it integrates well with android, though the holo look is getting a bit dated in the age of material design. you can get a lot of information and even buy movie tickets. and it's not a shoe _ horned ios app. but the ads are really annoying. i'm pleased there's an option to turn them off temporarily, but they really detract from the elegance of the app. i would consider paying for a premium app to get rid of them if it were available.
i love imdb, it's brilliant. however the adverts that have suddenly appeared at the beginning of trailers is a bad move, very annoying and enough for me to knock a star off.
because i love movies. but the ads are getting longer when watching a trailer. also the ad stays on when the trailer has started, doubling the ad length.
ads take the fun out of imdb. so i rooted my device and installed adaway and now i don't see ads,  ever. i'd really like to pay a couple of dollars for a pro version without ads _or better,  give us an ad_free experience with an amazon prime subscription_ but you insist on shoving irrelevant ads in my face. i had to put a stop to that and now you don't earn any ad impressions from me.  that's really a shame for you.
this app has become more _ more congested with ads. i was fine with the _semi_ persistent ad bar at the bottom of the screen, but there's times where that bar extends to 3_4 of the screen, not to mention the deceptive wandering _x_ out button to close said ad. you guys are owned by moneybags amazon who manages to work ads into their apps using the standard 'mildly obnoxious but at least consistent' fashion _ try taking a page out of their book. oh, and how about pumping out an actual material design update_
the constant advert for amazon detracts from its use.
kept freezing in middle of ads. unable to view any data.
it freezes after a few seconds of playing a trailer. think it's time to be fixed_ it happens on 4g _ wifi. think it's also time imdb added support for chrome cast_ the banner adverts are annoying as hell. update 15.7.15.. still glitchy as hell, no trailer will play properly at all_ so sick of it_ can't use imdb for trailers anymore_ very disappointing. will review my rating once this is fixed _samsung note 4_.
very useful but the ads make the app look second grade.
hard to  through the ads to see the show.
needs list support. ad elimination for prime subscribers would be nice.
i don't care about celebrities or movies. i don't want this app. but there is no way to uninstall it. the app itself is pretty glitchy. so many banner ads...
plz do something with these ads
the name should be internet add database. completely useless. only few countries to set time zone and i suppose that's because there are no advertising contracts for the rest of the world.
this app is very useful and does what it says it will do very well. but, please update your advertising. a lot of the restaurants recommended in the adds are closed.
either make a permanent bar across the bottom for banner ads or give us the option to pay a one time fee to remove them.
won't play trailers jst stays on ads
really using this app for a long time. and as i am a movie maniac i just add the movies to my watched playlists. the only complain i have is the ads which disturbs at times when you are reading the movie synopsis. i hope the dev one day make this app free from ads.
ads never start so how can i skip it
stops playing on all videos for the past month. really poor love the app normally. seen many other comments to the same. ads suck as well.
keeps me up to date with the latest movies and what is showing where and when. shame about the ads.
it used to work perfectly. now i can't access the trailers because of the ads that never start, therefore i can't skip. also, ads in trailers too_
and no option  to purchase a version without ads.
app sucks_ freezes up, loaded to death with ads...hard to figure out what button to click....who cares_ what a headache_ i'm dumping it_
either make a permanent bar across the bottom for banner ads or give us the option to pay a one time fee to remove them.
give us a way to remove the horrible, constant ads. they ruin the app experience. worst app ever. f_ckers. i still hate you.
they have a really annoying advert at the bottom of the page which keeps bringing up amazon website.  enough to want to uninstall this app
really_ i have to maneuver around the  ads just to see who is in a movie now, guess i can google it with less hassle. very sad. if i uninstall it, i hope they get the message.
would you please take the ads off of your 1 min previews_  it's ridiculous...then i'll give you 5 stars, oh_kee_
anytime you read a thread then click back it goes right back to the beginning of the message board. also clicking the 'show more threads' button at the bottom of the page can sometimes just open the last thread. that alone loses two stars, and a further one for annoying ads.
in the last year. it's a bummer with the ads but i understand why. thanks for the improvements.
...on any new device.  it adds so much to my movie experience having it beside me while watching.  five stars if you give us an inexpensive paid version to be rid of the ads.
been using this app for a long time now. the new ads pop_ups are annoying. i pretty close to removing the app.
its a really good movie_tv info both, but it has a lot of ads, hey this app it's really good. _p byess
on the latest update, videos can not play anymore in my device. pls fix. also disable ads.
don't like the ads.  they are not necessary.
still needs chromecasting_ _1 star_ would like to see an ad free pay version too.......
it would be better if we could get an option to remove the ads if we pay.
easy to use and looks good. 5 _ when we can get a version without ads.. thanks
either make a permanent bar across the bottom for banner ads or give us the option to pay a one time fee to remove them.
ads, really_ are you dat stupid, no way_ adblock and uninstall, f.u. _
i will not sign up for amazon instant video, no matter how often the advert pops up..
app stops _ crashes _ jams up due to new ads and quality of vid is bad as well, used to be a go to app had to change over to youtube for latest hd trailers
please stop  the advertising ...then i'll give 5
why in the hell, when every notification setting turned off, am i getting blitzed by 4 notifications a day about the movie _spy_. i don't care at all about the movie, and now i am thinking about uninstalling a commonly used app because it wants to advertise movies while violating their own notification settings.
to remove ads. i would gladly pay for a pro version or something.
videos can not play anymore in my decice. pls fix. also disable ads.
used to be good.  now just an advertisement for amazon prime rubbish
i use this app all the time and love it...except for the pesky ads. i would be more than willing to pay for a premium, ad_free version because i think the app deserves it. with the ad delivery they have now, it is just sooooo intrusive and takes away from the whole experience.
stop showing irrelevant ads. i dont waste my money. i watch movies for free to pay myself for what i put up with. make something worth buying. what is this deal with showing ads before trailers_ shouldn't have to keep signing in. you are not a bank. if i didn't want movie info i'd uninstall. someone should make a better movie site.
thanks for all of the ads. _
why does location have to be limited to a very few countries_ when will we get some material goodness in ui_ and no more ads please.
app hangs, ads are intrusive. better with website.
the app is great_ the ads are not_ i would like a way to remove the ads.
trailers now take forever to load, have to press skip ad multiple times at start. still great source of movie info, just no longer my source for trailers
the information is good but in the end it is a shopping site so the inclusion of advertising  on a site that in its self is an advert for films tv and cinema times is adding adverts on adverts.
i just wanted to look up a movie but of course a large distracting amazon advert popped up.  as soon i clicked directly on the x to close the ad i was taken to the play store.  a company like amazon owning imdb is a terrible combination and has now clearly just become a sales platform for their website and apps.  shame.
i just wanted to look up a movie but of course a large distracting amazon advert popped up.  as soon i clicked directly on the x to close the ad i was taken to the play store.  a company like amazon owning imdb is a terrible combination and has now clearly just become a sales platform for their website and apps.  shame.
excess advertisements in all program screens.
it's pretty much similar with the mobile site but with extra ads on the bottom of the screen. i would rather use the website than installing this app on my phone. no value added.
this version bombarded you with amazon adverts do not update you can't turn it off avoid avoid avoid
the only thing that i miss is more material design. finally the message board is fixed though. _ minus one more star because of the ads in trailers.
you guys make millions with the website so please remove the ads
would love an ad free paid option
i'm ok with ads. i get they're necessary. but when one ad takes up a quarter of the screen and you can not close it, that's too much.
this is a great app. it integrates well with android, though the holo look is gettinf dated in the age of material design. you can get a lot of information and even buy movie tickets. and it's not a shoe _ horned ios app. but the ads are really annoying. i'm pleased there's an option to turn them off temporarily, but they really detract from the elegance of the app. i would consider paying for a premium app to get rid of them if it were available.
the ads are too intrusive
could only see his footage aj cuy..sub his indo jga kgak ad
agree that there will be less to it's advertising in trailers ...
less because they started to show commercials before the trailers, which are advertising themselves for the films ...
great little app is easier than handling a browser. quickly run without any prior freezing or discarding play without having to go to that voice. _although the advertisements do not have to do it, i understand that you need the money but still annoying that there are low even though it may be_x_.
the trailer buffering so badly , even ad video . and you cant download the movie for free , you need to pay 2.99_ for each movie
this is a smart app and solves those party_time q_a's about who was in what, without the need for full desktop imdb. i hardly notice the ads to be honest. i like apps that are well thought out. there's a genius to it.
occasionally it moves slow and way too much ads. other than that it's ok
the banner ads i could live with, but forcing you to watch an ad every time you want to watch a trailer is too much for this user. ..uninstalling_ _
this app used to be brilliant. now theres ads on the trailers. when i click skip ad,  the trailer skips to the place in the trailrt where the skip add button was. awful.  sort it out.
bulky, slow, poorly formatted, and full of nagging ads. enough said_
i love this app, the only reason i gave it 3 stars is because it needs a paid version with no ads.   id gladly pay 1.99 for no ads. also needs material design makeover.
good app, don't like having to watch ads before video clips though
i am not a stranger to banner ads, but the ones here are just too big and annoying.
ads take the fun out of imdb. so i rooted my device and installed adaway and now i don't get ads. i'd really like to pay a couple of dollars for a pro version without ads but you insist on shoving irrelevant ads in my face. i had to put a stop to that.
why those horrible banner ads_ really_ they are very intrusive compared to the iphone app's banner ads. get rid of them_
too easy to accidentally hit the banner ads. really, who still use intrusive banner ads_ needs material design makeover.
app was good but now the trailers do not buffer properly and the adverts now muck up the download
this app does just fine, and does what its meant to be, an internet movie database. ads are there to keep it free. boo hoo the trailers are buggy, the app is free_ if said haters don't like it, they should go make an app better_
can't find any info anymore thru all the bling _ advertising. usually just google now.
all in english. it seems to be okay, but 10_ of the words in this case in russian. idiotic mixing. plus advertising.
the only downside is that in order for us to watch a trailer, which is basically an advertisement for a movie, one is first presented with an advertisement.  so now i only use it to search for information about movies or series instead.
the ads before the trailer are annoying and freezes constantly. old version would get five stars.
co like amazon shouldn't need this app for displaying ads to ruin the user experience.
this is ridiculous. i am now watching adverts for an advert. trailers are essentially adverts for movies. keep this up and i am uninstalling this app.
what advertising means but removed the original titles and now only the very poor to very heavy load translations in 4g ruined and not to mention how slow it is still playing a trailer wifi
so irritating that they make you watch the ad and then poof, there is nothing_
please supply an ad_free version of this app, i would gladly pay just to get rid of the annoying ad's at the bottom.
don't update the new version, advert comes before every trailer_ why did you spoil it imdb_
forced adverts. uninstalled.
watching movies is the need o his house lah tv ad
that bands of ads.
fix the bugs with the videos_ they are lagging_ and these ads before trailers are so annoying_
the ads are getting larger and larger _ i'd happily pay for an ad_free version.
a huge database of movies with the release of the years, the cast and estimates of millions of viewers, but the most pleasant feature _ uotchlist_ add movies and series, sort data, assessment and popularity. create collections of your favorite works of cinema_ do not miss any single tape_ this is 5_, damn it. who complains about advertising _ durach_.
even though it's advertised as feature for android, never worked once
down voted. ads are too large.
the ads at the bottom of the screen are even bigger. and take a few seconds to load so i accidentally click on the ads. also when going to the message boards, the format makes them impossible to read
can't give ratings without opening each movie's page.. why_ sort option is missing from many pages.. for example _coming soon_. amazon ads in the bottom sucks even more.
new ads take up 1_4 of the screen and can't be dismissed. very annoying.
within the last few days, the window ad at the bottom of the screen has doubled in height. it now takes up almost 20_ of the screen.
the ads at the bottom of the screen are even bigger. and take a few seconds to load so i accidentally click on the ads
interface could use some work. those ads are extremely obnoxious, though.
ads are way too intrusive now and the message boards will not resize text.
after the new update, the commercials on the bottom of the screen can't be closed so you can't access your account or settings anymore. way to go to advertise.
i absolutely love this app. the team is adding more and more information that you'd normally need to visit the site for. it's an app i've used religiously since it came to android years ago. now can we get a paid version to get those stupid advertisements out of my click radius_
the forums area is broken. the ads are way more invasive. they really fixed it 'til it broke.
it was awful the message board would not show up every time i tried to rate it would make me pay and the trailers also made my app crash.  how could someone produce such an awful product is beyond me.not to mention how terribly buggy this app was.please remove the ads in your next update atleast
same cr_ppy problems as everyone else. message boards _ ads ruined phone app since recent update. don't want to spend more time scrolling sideways than reading the messages and comments.       please give those responsible for the last update a good kick up the _ _ _ _ from all of your disappointed users.
update ruined the view on the message boards, now have to scroll right and left to read.  also, jumbo_sized ads for certain shows _i.e. _friends_ just plain obnoxious.
what is with the durex adverts_ why_
the app should be updated to the new material design and ads should be removed...people love this app so   return the favour and spread the love
new update has ruined the app. adverts have taken over_
i really like this app. i find myself using it for quick entertainment information. the interface is nice as it is, but could benefit from a little bit of material design. it's also nice that it works great on smartphone and tablet displays. however, the ads can be a little annoying. i'd gladly pay for an ad_free version of this app.
class_ movies look great, but better watch ads and get paid for it_ to do this, download a market_ globe mobile and register at the invitation of_ zlat888 we gather a strong team with zaraboikom to 85 euros per day_ join us and bring your friends_
one for q want the trailer fucking fucking shit if q interests me is the damn movie is pure misleading advertising
advertising lot
application evaluations and news about foreign films, serials and estimated pursue something to the declaration of the film only. dramacafe site to continue direct hd without ads
ads are so annoying and i would pay serious dough for a premium version . and let us manage lists please. i have to add movies i want to see to my watchlist, only to later have to move them.
false advertising
is there a way to remove the ads_ they are fairly intrusive. the app itself is great_ ads are bad.
a good app with all the required info i need.  the only drawback is the constant ad pops, which are usually reserved for the cheaper apps.
for a movie geek like me, this is an invaluable tool. i use it almost daily. only thing that i'd like more is to give imdb some money to kill the ads. you hear that imdb_ i wanna give you some money_
this app would be better if there was no ads, use your website for that. ads cause problems and annoy us movie buffs. why do i have to re sign in all of the time_ it's so annoying.
please make it possible to buy pro edition to get rid of ads.
needs paid no ad version
just like the _new_ imdb interface on the web, this app makes you click through several things to find what you want. guess what_ 95_ of the time, i'm interested in the cast and crew. and i don't need the cinematographer to be on a different page from the actors. but that wouldn't get you as many ad views, would it_ sadly, there are no other options.
ads, aweful design
everytime i use it, it freezes up and have to force close_ never used to do that. nowi can't get the ads to close_
and god's finest program for the trail advertising films and classifications
ads everywhere.
this app would be better if there was no ads, use your website for that. ads cause problems and annoy us movie buffs. plus fix the watchlist which is always busy, it should work straight away. why do i have to re sign in all of the time_ it's so annoying.
the ads are way too big and obnoxious...
i use it all the time but it's really show and clunky. there's no reason why it should suck this much. and remove the ads_ we're looking at pages for upcoming movies_ those are ads.
would give it 5 stars if it allowed you to pay to get rid of the godforsaken ads.
to the point i'm uninstalling it cause now it seems just to be amazon movie prime advertising and no longer an internet movie database.
hate the ads tho_
no movies only trailers and ads
the ads take up a good chunk of screen real estate, and i'm never going to click on one. let me support you, and make me happier. chromecast support would be awesome as well, but i'm not going to take off a star for that.
very enjoyable app. wonderful info beautifully presented and easily accessed. two issues though... in settings it gives us the option of customizing the sound, vibration, and led color of our alerts, and yet i can't for the life of me find those settings. and... the ads_ i don't begrudge the developer their income, but this app would be perfect if we users could choose to opt out of ads by paying. i, like others, would gladly pay to be ads_free. thanks_ _lg g3_
new ui is a disorganized mess.  still hate the ads. if you need revenue give me a pay option...
why must there always be that one clued out user complaining about ads_ is it his first day ever with an android device_ because otherwise, wake up_ i haven't seen an ad in over four years. ever wonder why no one else in the comments is complaining about them_ probably drowning in ads when you use your desktop_laptop browser too, huh_ if you were willing to do 10 seconds of research you could maybe stop being the guy complaining about getting wet when it rains and, you know_ buy an umbrella_
don't update_ there is no real improvements actually but amazon ads is now on almost every page_
... is the app absolutely gorgeous. but the advertising sucks huge. there should be an ad_free pro version. then there five star.
this app would be better if there was no ads, use your website for that. ads cause problems and annoy us movie buffs. plus fix the watchlist which is always busy, it should work straight away. why do i have to resign in most of the time_ it's so annoying.
... a must have for any cineastes and series junkie. however, the advertising annoying. can not be replaced by a one_off payment which_
thanks for coming back to the _light_  design. agree with others... offer a paid version free of ads.
i really like this app and use it a lot.  a paid version without ads would get 5 stars.  the ads take up needed space.
a weak sense of organization of too much data. offer a paid version to remove ads or just one splash screen. so many updates. put together a solid app then release it.
a weak sense of organization of too much data. offer a paid version to remove ads or just one splash screen.
ducks once open you have to pay and watch their ads..  crap rubbish garbage basura
fed up with having american release dates on the coming soon section _ no one wants those poxy trainers in the ads either_
it's ok. standing on advertising and us series is really a must. please take the advertisement out and also make german series pure.
i like the app, but the ads are quite obtrusive. i would pay for a pro version to get rid of ads.
might as well be a giant advert for amazon,  as that is all you tend to see. search function needs work as even giving the correct title brings up stupid suggestions.
..because the advertising in the app so it may simply not full pot
ads take the fun out of imdb. so i rooted my device and installed adaway and now i don't get ads. i'd really like to pay a couple of dollars for a pro version without ads but you insist on shoving irrelevant ads in my face. i had to put a stop to that.
my favorite app_ however this new ui is terrible_ the barely visible headings, the navigation of seasons, the original ratings of titles being displayed instead of my ratings. this is just god awful. looks like i'm stuck trying to find a torrent for an old version because this just sucks. please revert. add chromecast support. remove ad options or don't double add pitching amazon prime consistently. such a great service owned by a terrible company.
a good app. as advertising is annoying, i wish for a premium version without ads.
a good app. as advertising is annoying, i wish for a premium version without ads.
too many ads from amazon
love the app but wish there was a way i could pay to have a version without ads. i'd pay up to ten bucks to get rid of the ads. is this ever going to be a possibility_ other than annoying ads that pop up and get in the way, great app.
this app has all of my favorite shows available but you have to pay for each episode_ kind of goes against the advertised, _free_ concept
tried using the app _5.0_ today since update. terrible _ search results return pages with no content except for amazon ads. no synopsis, trivia, quotes, etc. if a tv series, no episode list. was working fine. who's in charge of qa _ they sure missed the boat _ fix this please _
never loads properly, no trailers anymore_ and i hate the amazon ad's for prime time......
to many ads that is thrown in your your face. oh... and another annoyance feature, it's the same ad over and over.
needs a refresh to the new material design. a weak sense of organization of too much data. and, please remove the intrusive floating ads that are too easy to tap accidentally. offer a paid version to remove ads or just one splash screen.
great app but i wish i could remove the ads by paying for a _pro_ version.
overall the app now operates slower. _new ways to watch_ translates as new links to amazon. the link for amazon is now at the top of every page_ a nice new feature includes the addition of adverts which obscure the screen you're trying to view. ratings won't save correctly. app will not close properly without freezing up. and still we cannot edit pages using the app. absolute crap update that has ruined an almost perfect app.
great, even more ads. now on top too.
get rid of the half screen ads or give us an ad_free paid version.
love the new ui_ but the ad is kinda annoying..
i love this app, the only reason i gave it 3 stars is because it needs a paid version with no ads.   id gladly pay 1.99 for no ads.
how come we can see the awards an actor or movie has won or been nominated for on the imdb website, but not on the app_ would be 5 stars if i could view awards won and awards nominated for. there should also be a way to remove all ads... but that's not as important as being able to see the awards via the desktop version of imdb, but not the mobile version. wtf_
would gladly buy one. or make an in_app purchase option available to get rid of the annoying ads.
i used to love this app. it's still a 5 star app beneath the layers of advertisements. please offer a paid, ad_free version and i'll gladly buy it.
4.2 makes the app much better looking and consistent, but there are still a few complaints. orange gradients aren't consistent with the design guidelines. flat orange colors would look better for branding. the message board viewers also needs a ui revamp, as the loading bar still looks like gingerbread bars, and the ad banner is wonky _disappears_appears again and changes size, causing the content to jump around when loading._
i couldn't count the number of times i use this in a week_ whether it's movies, tv, or even video games, i'm constantly coming back to imdb to look things up and cross_reference them. app is reasonably quick and stable and isn't cluttered with adverts _which is a plus for sure_, and the database is very complete. i've found a few things that are missing when i looked for them, but that can just be chalked up to obscurity_
why can't there be an app with all the cable and major tv network shows without having to pay to not have commercials and please keep the shows up to date.  these apps nickel and dime you. lure with false advertising
the latest update sucks due to those ads..
plllzz plzz plzzz need to update and no any privacy and option as well . and to much unnecessary advertising ....u should think about privacy.. waiting for old version.
actually my friend just told me to try it out once but it had become part of me.i  also love that it doesn't do popup ads that piss me off most times
awful way of imposing adverts like that pls either have an option for one to choose from the app  or not to_
i love to use it but the advertisement makes me annoyed. i feel uncomfortable with that. please fix this as soon as possible. thank you
you gotta fix the ads
this app start sending messages to all my friends from my phone book.  phone started to heat up as a app running behind, stealing my phone numbers and sending messages to my friends. bad ethnic of advertising without user permission. app has lots is issues. and has privicy issues also.
it sends messages to all my contacts without my permission for advertising.i lost my money.plz fix this.
it is annoying that imo uses you to advertise their app , without your permission _there's not a line that say they will_ they send a msg to every single one of your contacts .
look nonprofessional because of ads and repeat notification all the time ... setting are not that helpful ....
it was amazing but now it sends imo download requests on my contact all by itself.imo guys plz find some other ways of advertising ur imo app.this is a cheap way of spreading your product.aprox 10 times imo requests has gone 2 all my contact list n im sick of it.il uninstal it with al my frends if this happens again.it has happend with 10 to 15 people i know.just fix the dam thing
love this app. the sponsored ads are annoying though.
it's better than facebook cuz its faster. nowadays facebook has too many ads and its become very slow
great way to keep in contact, advertise
it works as advertirsed
this is my the first app i open when i wake up, and i love how it has improved a lot over couple of months. the long press preview works wonders, video playback doesn't lag anymore and i don't even see suggested ads anymore. so, great work. i love this app.
finally removed the annoying ads, thank goodness. however, the app still crashes whenever i try to catch up with older posts and scroll for longer than 10 mins.
it haves a lot of bugs, lots of ads and doesn_t work sometimes. 10_10
one star less because of ads. i know it's important for the company but not for the users_
sick of every third post being an advert_ otherwise it would be a 4.
not just for socialization, also good place to advertise.
would prefer it without ads
please, knock it off with the ad push notifications _ex. the superbowl_. i disabled all the push stuff a while ago for a reason. knock it off and i'll revise my review, continue and i'll uninstall the app.
i use it 24_7.  i got many followers.. it doesnt lag like other apps..and it has no ads its the best cant wait until the next update _
why are their ads for pages for apps and products i'll never download or buy take away the ads right away
much easier to skim through than facebook or twitter. really hate how many ads i'm seeing in the feed now, though.
it's fine but when i try to hide an ad or report something it just shuts down.
there sure are a lot of ads creeping in.
a great way to send photos for nothing, really annoyed because of these new adverts on the app_ get rid of them_ get rid of them nowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww_
great way of advertising without consuming too much time
love it_ great way to advertise. ..follow me _ bellabarbee , i'm a model in los angeles and use this app for sexy pictures and staying in touch with my fans
i love this app but the ads annoy the hell out of me. soz insta 4 starts 4 u
i'm getting a bit worried about the ad frequency. seems to increase with every update_
to many advertisements _ and yes i mark them all as irrelevant but still there's way to many now _ and it keeps saying i have a dm when i don't instagram is a sell out.. turning into myspace with all the adds
love this stuff good for everything including advertising
really i like it this app cause i can share my photo or video what i want to share but i am bothered with advertisements in instagram. thank you instagram, i love it _
there are better apps such as photoshop to edit pics. this is just a trendy app. the ads make it annoying sometimes
ads will play all the way through, but videos cut off.
too much ads now
used to be great till they put ads
easy to use. tired of some of the crap being advertised.
almost all of the ads that are on my feed are spam. at least give me some that are relevant.
too many ads make my instagram freeze or not responding. please make exploring instagram comfort without ads.
no ads please
it let's u post stuff with out ads
the ads they are irrititating
i absolutely love this app, it is amazing and very easy to use. i have had this app for years now and i am in love with it. no ads, viruses, anything. keep up the good works.
thought u didn't sell ads
tiled photos and full photos used to be clear and great quality, now since the update they are blurry and useless. what is the point of a photo sharing app if the photo quality isn't there_ it makes having to deal with all the new sponsored posts and ads unbearable. i used to enjoy this app, but now, like facebook and it's photo compression, it's just garbage.
great app. one of my faves . but i'm taking a star off for the ever growing number of ads in my feed
the instagram is an perfect place for photo sharing.  would have given it a five star if they did not introduce advertisement into this fantastic app. the video autoplay feature is still a mess.
instagram needs a watermark, text option built in. also why do i have to unsync all the facebook albums everytime_ i never asked for them to be synced in the first place. what's this suggestion crap on instagram_ remove that right now. mark zuckerberg how dare you put bloody ad's on my ig. if i'm not following the page i never want to see the crap. you're a sellout.
now i am forced to pass by ads. pictures i don't care to bother with in my day to day routine. now i have to scroll passed or click that i don't like the ad. probably have to close this account just like i had to with fb. great.
instagram, you were my passion for so long. then the ads came. worse, the videos in my feed began to freeze my phone. worse than that, i can't give you five stars_ i bet you can't get rid of ads, but at least put some that are relevant to what we follow_ also, please make viewing videos easier_ thanks_ i'll rate five stars when i see a change in these issues.
the ads annoy me
too much ads
instagram used to be perfect. sadly now it is ruined by facebook with crappy ads. isn't facebook earning enough already_ leave instagram alone dammit
doesn't allow me to comment on some posts. never had that happen before.  do not like the ads. do not like how for droid aka galaxy you can not see what friends you have in common with someone like with iphone. do not like the freezing and shutting down. simple is better_
the videos doesnt play continually. annoying ads are also on the feed. the update sucks.
though, there are advertisement showing up now_ hoping it won't populate later on, on my newsfeed..
this app is nothing but fake accounts, ads and shout outs to ad sites or fake profiles trying to get you to go on a website that is selling something or trying to get your information.
whats with the ad's...._i hate it
i like that there are no advertisements_
great way of advertising without consuming too much time
so easy to use... love being able to follow what i am interested in. no stupid ads or pop_up videos...
every 3 or 2 posts from the people im following and there are like 5 useless sponsored ads. it wasnt like this before, it was like 1 or 2 not too often.
please remove the adds. instagram is better without ads just like the older versions..
instagram is a great app _ works well. i just hate all the new advertising_
cool app but lots of ads
i keep reporting this sex ad on my page and they keep coming back. if i can not get any help i will have to delete this account. my grandkids are more important then this.
this is a fun and awesome site i can like my friends pics and it tells me about ads for ios boards and stuff like that and i can talk to other people
i am updating my review because instagram had made 2 updates i don't  like. 1 they changed the size of photos  to 1,000 by 1,000 pixels. what's even worse is if your photo is only 500 x 500 pixels instagram will automatically enlarge your photo to the 1000 by 1000 size pixel causing your image to pixelate . the second thing i don't like is thr  annoying ads they run  in your feed. these changes have causef me to greatly reduce the amount of photos i upload to  instagram.
i just love the fact that this doesn't have a lot of ads. _
the latest ig updates are very disappointing.  the new dm features are a total failure built on a very odd platform. if ig doesn't want to change it back then at least give us a toggle option in setting to completely opt out of having to put up with such a stupid feature. the old dm feature was more than adequate. too many ads now plague the enjoyment of the feed and of the app. i can't help but to think either ig is getting too greedy or really struggling financially.
really instagram, in feed ads_ i've even had an instance where literally the top image in the feed was an ad, not even 3_4 pictures down. disgraceful. eventually you'll ruin this product going after ad revenue and something better will replace you.
the ads are very annoying. keep them optional..
needs to be reclassified. full of nudity. most accounts are adults or advertisements. good otherwise.
the only thing i dislike are the ads. i have tried other social media apps for photos and none compare. i prefer this over any other form of social media. less drama, less said, and more focus on connections.
the only thing i dislike are the ads. i have tried other social media apps for photos and none compare.
love this app but i don't like to see anoying ads _
it's very very annoying to see so many ads between posts....
it would be five stars if it werent for sponsored ads. but my current favorite social media app
fun, simple.. i just hate the ads.
only complaints are the annoying ads that distract and get in the way sometimes
it is the best app to share memories with friends ad family and even on divices u can not text on you can just dm the people and text them thts my rate yup _
instagram is wonderful in every way. whoever complains about the new ads, well try starting your own business without funding nor gaining any money at all. as long as ads do not overshadow my feed i will always gladly use instagram.
enjoy instagram. don't like the ads but its good
ok can u like plz unblock me i am not doing those stupid ads or anything bad so can u please unblock me so i can comment again god im a good person sheesh.quit blocking my comments n unblock me right now god im getting sick of this
as advertised.  great social media platform_
the sponsored ads are getting annoying. and still no way to just reshare a photo to all followers
wish i didn't have to use a different app to use the entire picture. the ads are so annoying. seriously, stop them.
i like instagram, but the fact that the videos load automatically isn't always convenient.  also, the ads are no bueno.
i wuld requst u to ad more filtrs  .lov it
this used to be favourite app. not anymore. what's with all the stupid adverts now_ my feed is mainly adverts _ waste of data_  and there are too many porn accounts that seem to just be left there. they are disgusting.
ever since an update, there are now more frequent ads using up my data quota. also,  no option to replay videos other than scroll up_down and back.
please make multi account log in possible. also sharing on facebook with multi accounts is difficult. also im not that stoked about the obvious bank ads
50_ of my feed is ads. and there's absolutely no way to opt out. wtf facebook_
can the ads just stop please.... it's really annoying.my videos are not playing also.
1_5 pictures in my feed are adverts shown in the same style as a followed account
guys, we know you don't need ads to make ig profitable, and we have to pay for the data used to see video ads. people have been great to ig, it's been a succes and this is how you say 'thank you_' screw your ads
great for advertising, making connections, other endeavors as well,also sharing pics as well.
too many ads pop up and i can't fit the whole picture when trying to post
ads ruined it.
in the past 3 weeks i've noticed a significant increase to the _ of sponsored posts i've received. i'm getting 2_3 sponsored posts every hour. i don't mind an ad once a day but every hour is invasive, too much for a social sharing app. leave me alone and let me look at photos of my friends please.
no problems. works as it advertise. i just wish they would a feature that would auto resize the picture.
i would give it 5 stars but the advertising gets annoying
i have 1 complaint about your instagram app when i tagged someone's photo they get a message that says i took their photo and then they start freaking out. maybe you can change it to something like your photo has been tagged that will be better.  i also hate all the ads that pop up when i'm liking post.
wish you could ad admin like you can on facebook
it is really good ad you can edit photos and vidieos i love it it does everything you want it to
for like almost every 3 minutes an ad pops up and it bothers me when i am putting a comment
everything is fine as long as there's no advertisements
the ads are a great annoyance
i was having intergration problems with social media and i had heard istagram this instgram that but now i know why the app is fantastic it allows integration of social media venues in a simply clean presentation free of tradional ads and promos which dont allow for a quality experience although i do not blame companys who do the have to keep the doors open lights on etc in any case kudos to instagram a quality social media vehicle yours truly pap
nope. the ads are a def turn off.
stupid ads. consuming all apps.
i love instagram but the over flowing _artistic_ ads are getting too high.
the thing that i liked was that when you click on a photo, you could scroll down and go from when you last stopped_you get me_ like i can still post and stuff, but there are a lot of lags going on, like when i try and what a video, my whole screen just stops and stays like that for 30 seconds. the ads, ugh_ so annoying. they keep popping up and up every time.
as a business owner only thing i ask if it needs better ad support asap_
works exactly as expected and advertised for a basic iphone app. wait, this is android, isn't it_  why does it still look like basic ios crap_ time to get some better android programmers that can actually take advantage of all the benefits of the android platform. plus, needs a better ui, material design, asap. every app i use has been updated to material design for months, from big names _like twitter_ to small independent developers. except for facebook, messenger _ instagram
u know when someone likes a pic nd then unlike it right away_ there is no reason for me to get the notification, its false advertising.. i get excited nd then dissapointed.. u should really do something about it _
the app is constantly freezing now after the update and i have to many ads in my feed. its getting really annoying.
shouldn't have ads on instagram. i don't like it so much.
so many ads, comes with a whole bunch of freaking annoying ads. its spams your account and 75_ of your feed is ads
too much advertisement
u know when someone likes a pic nd then unlike it right away_ there is no reason for me to get the notification, its false advertising.. i get excited nd then dissapointed.. u should really do something about it _
easy to use and intuitive.  love all of the upgrades.  the new ads are bearable because most of them are artistic and don't come across as cheesy sales pitches.
great app for advertising your business and sharing your prestigous photos with the world_
two years back it was a great social photography app when people followed each other and gave likes to the shots they loved. now it's all about the selfishness, number of followers and the ads introduced that killed all the good photo experience.
it's a good idea to advertise the uk and ireland and wales you get the best way of contacting people who want to noisy
its amazing no ads i never have a problem with it _
does exactly as it should expect the terrible new addition of the advertising
shows more ads than friends
quick and easy to use. no unwanted info. or ads just pics .
with the added feature of cropping inside the app it's 5 stars all the way. you're new app layout is awesome too. thank you. bye bye no crop and all your ads.
too many ads ruining the app. get rid of the more thing and just show the full caption again
lots of image can't be loaded at slow connection of 1mbps network speed. using chrome to load images are faster and _no image can't be loaded_ error message anymore. imagine for instagram works better. remove auto play advertisement.
works exactly as expected and advertised for a basic iphone app. wait, this is android, isn't it_  why does it still look like basic ios crap_ time to get some better android programmers that can actually take advantage of all the benefits of the android platform. plus, needs a better ui, material design, asap. every app i use has been updated to material design for months, from big names _like twitter_ to small independent developers. except for facebook, messenger _ instagram
you should check 'imagine' and update your app's awful design. plus, there are ads every two posts, wtf_1one
i don't like the advertising, i'm strolling down my time line and every other photo is a advertising company or sponsored. .
the app is very good but ad a group chat
i really don't like the latest version,bcs 1_we must click 'more' to read a long caption 2_must wait a long time to watch a video and always buffering 3_putting some ads in it makes tis apps more terrible or worst..hope u guys will read this n fix it..thank you _
can you please stop inserting ads on my timeline because i found it really annoying.
ads made the app goes slower
my pictures are blurry now when i put them into a collage, it was never like that_ and i hate that there is ads now, and that you have to _expand_ to see discription. its really annoying. instagram was perfect. don't see why we need dumb updates for no reason. it did not make it better_
take away the ads. it's going to ruin the app
apart from the unwanted ads, the more button needs to be clicked so many times before the caption expands. whats up with that_ everyone wants everything in one glance. hello_ it's almost 2016_ what made you think of that button_
it is much better now, but i feel like there are too many ads being posted. but it is still cool.
great way to keep up with everyone you know, alternative place for picture saving incase u lose your phone, easy to use and understand. .. i would've gave it a 5, but if people flag your or your account gets removed there's no way of recovering photos or videos you podted . also needs a way to save videos you view... they show ads now but it's not a lot or inconvenient, actually it's good because it can remain free longer
not a fan of the ads
used to love this app since 2012. now facebook ruined it. we dont like ads either.
used to be good. then they introduced ads. now long captions are being hidden unless you touch to expand. bad ideas and poor product management are terrible things.
too many adverts.
keep the ads to minimum
very nice site and app, i use this more than facebook, less ads and a lot less complicated.
i say was because pervs start following me and ads show up on timeline
dont let us down bcs ads pls..
it like instagram aged and we have to find another application to replace this piece of garbage. it used to be the best app, but now the updates are sucks, video lag, slow loading .. and tons of ads _
my ads
nice  for  proms, networking, advert, reunions, etc. great  pictures from entirely new people but more is given out in terms of privacy for me. but may help in terms of tracing a criminals .
why do ads need to show up on my feed_ there's a reason i follow and not follow certain accounts.
thanks for the ads
please stop the advertisement _
instagrams updates are becoming the death of this app. this last update was pointless. the ads are very annoying. the videos keep freezing in the middle.and you all still haven't added a feature to delete multiple pictures. why even bother_ smdh
i think its better if there is an ad page so that it does not mix up with the feed that counts my interest.
if you're going to advertise brands at least give us the opportunity to choose the ones we would want to see, highly annoying.... do you want ads on your instagram
if you're going to advertise brands at least give us the opportunity to choose the ones we would want to see, highly annoying.... do you want ads on your instagram
great app,  but more and more adverts_
i would have given it 5 stars if you would not have put ads recently. it's too irritating to see them between our posts. please remove them_
the ads are becoming annoying. i don't want suggested pages to follow. learn how to make money another way instead of filling my page up with all these unnecessary ads.
now even ads posting here_
a lot of informative post and easy to follow their posts. but, a lot of advertising too_ and, i hate this part _
all of a sudden it's now become to biggest source of advert spam which i can't report or block from my feed. instagram _
you just had to force those sponsored ads into our faces don't you _ it's useless even after blocking them and there isn't even a choice to disable them. instagram is turning into twitter and facebook. there's no difference anymore. and every update only makes it worse. good job for ruining it.
i've been getting ads that take up the whole screen on my phone and ever since i stopped the app on instagram my phone started working normally. how sad of instagram i actually enjoyed this
put an option to stop receiving ads. it's really annoying.
i really enjoy  to use instagram because i can follow people that i like. but now after updated there's some ads that are really annoying .please go away ads,   and the videos don't  play like before. oh and instagram  just closes automatically while  i'm scrolling photos. fix this please
why so much advertise on the new update_
advertisement
what a bad idea. instagram used to be my happy, relaxed place. i hope the advertising disappear and it continue to improve in other aspects.
ads.
so i now get adverts in my feed_ go away_ going to be reporting each one as uninteresting. i don't want to be spammed here as well_
01.10.2015 _ pls remove sponsored ads in the feed.
sponsored ads in news feed_  that's a no no.
getting annoyed by all the sponsor posts . we are already bombarded with advertisement every single second of our lives the last thing we need is more _
as an advertister and amateur cook instagram it's a place were to find the most beautiful inspiration to create new things and to express by pictures the beauty of everyday
too many ads
i don't want instagram to become facebook and youtube .....because all these two do now is focus on how to earn more money , please remove the ads _
but because app i dont know what the app make my phone so many ad
i clicked on an ad and applied for the toothbrush now my email spam is up to 30 a day and am getting phone calls from telemarketing goons. cheers for giving out my information.
updating my rating from 5 stars to 4 because of the recent inclusion of ads in the app. although it's not that intrusive, it still impacts my overall experience when using it.
it was better before the adverts crept in...
yeah, this app is great for free ads.
needs to be fixed to many ads when i get on this has never happened before . for now its a 3 star.
dear instagram the ads are annoying please remove them sincerely a loyal user
ads. couldn't think of any other way to  monetize_ very un creative.
you guys are seriously blowing it. i was just asked to take a survey for your partners after every photo i scrolled over. for a while, i could fend off the ads...now i can't do anything. i just scroll by them because i know that actively saying i don't want them doesn't help anymore. perhaps the time of instagram as a useful tool is over.
it is the best app cuz u can share pics ad vids then u can post pics ad people can comet ur pic or vids
it was better before all the updates. i don't have all my dms and there are too many ads. also my emoji don't work anymore, i have to copy and paste from elsewhere. unfortunately it's possible to update but downgrade. if it ain't broke, don't _fix_ it
now that instagram mostly works, you'll now have to put up with more than double the ads than previously appeared in the feed. roughly one ad per five images in your feed.
since the sponsored ads have started this app sucks_ the only reason i have started to use instagram was because it was ad free.
the latest ig updates are very disappointing.  the new dm features are a total failure built on a very odd platform. if ig doesn't want to change it back then at least give us a toggle option in setting to completely opt out of having to put up with such a stupid feature. the old dm feature was more than adequate. too many ads now plague the enjoyment of the feed and of the app. i can't help but to think either ig is getting too greedy or really struggling financially.
wish you could zoom in on the pictures. also the ads are getting out of control.
your ads have gotten out of control_ what was once an every once _ a while ad thing. has now turned in to almost every other picture on my feed is an ad_ and we aren't talkin ads _keeping  me in mind_ as it says. no, in fact i've pressed _i don't like this account_ on your ads before. and then wouldn't ya know it shows up a few days later. i get that you need sponsors, but you don't need to shove it down my throat. it's ridiculous_
would love to give it a 5 stars if there's no ads
seriously everything's all messed up now. espically the dms, none of the messages show up. i've cone to the conclusion that i probably should just stop using it as much as possible cause it's so frustrating. and there way too many ads that i scroll past
it's just full of advertising. stop put to much advertising_
i keep getting inappropriate ads... tried blocking the accounts related to the ads and still see the garbage. i do not want to see alcohol, half naked people or television program commercials. _ _
instagram is about to fail.  consistent forces closures,  far too many ads,  can't refresh often.
i can't post any pics, takes me back to the home page when i try to post a pic. you guys could have improved upon that rather than filling up your coffers with ads that i don't want to see_
i love it but someone hacked my account and advertised there account
now that instagram mostly works, you'll now have to put up with more than double the ads than previously appeared in the feed.
every time i open it, it instantly closes. and all of my dm's that meant a lot to me got deleted too. absolute crap of an update. should've left it the way it was but nope. these penny penchers just had to have advertisements to make money on an app they made free. poor development and poor management.
i don't normally complain but what the hell i download this app to help me gain more subscribers for my youtube channel and when i try to submit my email your like sorry there was an error can't confirm email address and it also blocked me for advertising my own channel_ i'm unstalling this app it was a waste of time good day_
i had to delete a lot of my things to update the app just to send a dm and ads are really annoying.
tired of ads.
love instagram but some of the features that other apps use need to be added into it, also full frame pics to scale should be a feature,  long overdue a major update _ get rid of all these advert blogs_
i heard that instagram ads would coming out soon. i cannot wait.
videos not playing, but the ads is. please fix
there are no ads or nothing check out my instagram _do_the_beauty_.
as soon as you scroll thru instagram you get several sponsored ads...i did t sign up to get ads.
why there is a display advertising again _ such advertising like lazada ..it's very disturbing if in the future there will be many ads
why there is a display advertising again _ such advertising like lazada ..it's very disturbing if in the future there will be many ads
now my monthly data will be partially consumed by irrelevant instagram advertisements.... awesome_
i updated to the latest version but i don't get to post my pictures without cropping them and there are sponsor advertisings keep showing up, which is annoying me_
works exactly as expected and advertised for a basic iphone app. wait, this is android, isn't it_  why does it still look like basic ios crap_ time to get some better android programmers that can actually take advantage of all the benefits of the android platform. plus, needs a better ui, material design, asap. every app i use has been updated to material design for months, from big names _like twitter_ to small independent developers. except for facebook, messenger _ instagram
just found ads in my feed after the last update.
instagram was a great app before. i could really enjoy it but ever since the update, they put advertisements and it just doesn't feel right.
fuck the ads
theres tons of advertising and the people don't really have the post up but they can't fix that so it's a very good app
i like the new features but the ads aka sponsored just ruined the experience
brilliant contemporary service and platform with a sleek interface that many have been using for years. spoilt by unethical advertising. it is greedy.
waaaaaay more adverts in this update
the sponsers are slowly taking over. soon there will only be adverts in your photostream. advertgram they should rename it. also some sponsors are posting pics of seminaked kids... _
new version stinks, i hate it, it's to confusing, fix it back to the version before this one, and i will give it 5 stars again. otherwise  it stays at 1 star, and i'll probably be deleting my account. you want to make instagram better block, stop, and get rid of all of the accounts that go on other peoples accounts and advertise for people to buy followers.
too many ads since the last update, and no way to turn them off
dear instagram, what have you done. i used to love you, your simplicity, and how you didn't get nosy. you used to let  me control you. now, you're shoving ads in my face. if i wanted to see commercials for hollister, or girls in tiny bikinis, i would go look it up. if i wanted to text message my friends, i would open up the messages app on my cell phone. direct message used to be good for sending photos without using up your data. now it's too complicated. also, y do i need you to suggest followers for me_
dumbass ads every 6 posts now. thumbs down. i dont care about none of these companies or i'd be following  them_
good but sometimes glitchy , especially the ads now
but the fact stands that there are too many ads now.
one of the biggest reasons i loved instagram was because it wasn't facebook. it didn't have all the fluff and ads and everything that facebook does. i have throughly enjoyed culturing a feed that has everything i want and nothing i don't. now however, i have ads. that can't be removed. so now i have to scroll through vodka and mcdonald's ads every 5 seconds. it may seem petty, but it's really annoying. and i hate it.
i love instagram. but the new update with all the _sponsored ads_ was not a smart move. i don't wanna scroll through my feed and see mcdonalds and vodka ads every 5 seconds. i really hope they choose to get rid of that.
i'm not too tech_savvy but this app makes me look like i know what i'm doing when it comes to taking photos. i love the simplicity of it and the fact that people use it as a social networking tool and it doesn't have all the ads and people whining about their less than perfect life.
way too many ads now. there used to be maybe 1 ad a day, now there's 20. the direct message update is horrible, not helpful at all.
i had 10 sponsored ads in my timeline this morning i always hide them but i keep getting more adverts.
i had 10 sponsored ads in my timeline this morning i always hide them but i keep getting more adverts.
waaaaayyyyy too many ads.  couldn't refresh feed. couldn't refresh feed. couldn't refresh feed. my wifi is fine, every other app is fine, but instagram just couldn't refresh feed.
dont like the upgrade version. yes they add new function with dm but they also put ads to my timeline..
is this really what u call an update_ you ppl should make sure to deliver what you advertise as new_
too many ads, extremely annoying. you should be able to pay to not see any ads.
that's what happens when fb gets ahold of things. ads start showing up in my feed. took a star away for the ads otherwise love it.
i used to give instagram 5 stars and now i reduce it to 1 star due to annoying mentions i get every day from people i dont know advertising and promoting other accounts i have no interest in what so ever. i blocked thousands of spam accounts and still facing the same issue. it is getting on my nerves im thinking of deleting my account.
let's see what ads are going to be like. i don't mind one ad a day, but please, don't let money take the lead.
since when do you show ads instagram_ i really hate it
this is a great way to share pics, advertise a company and market your brand. i would highly recommend it for new business ventures.
no sharing feature just now there are ads _,,  you call this an update_
i can't get rid of these stupid disneyxd ads. i will take any ad but disneyxd, or other extremely stupid cartoon ads. it's disgusting. they are disgusting. every time i look at one of those idiotic ads i die a little on the inside. entertainment has fallen so low as to be governed by incompetents. please, i don't want to see their creative trash on my instagram dash. thanks
advertise my bussiness use this social media. hope a good one.
the sponsers are slowly taking over. soon there will only be adverts in your photostream. advertgram they should rename it.
surveys and pop up ads. bad enough to see sponsored ads in your feed but they now have straight up pop up ads. instagram is getting greedy. _ hated it 1 star sell out
how about a favorites option_ often times i can't remember user names when i want to check out a particular person.  not only would this be a great tool for users, you guys can also sneak in your ads. you'll figure it out, just make it happen _
the only thing are some users with a lot of ads but is ok.
wouldn't it be better to replace the eye destroying white_if one is trying to see a detail on a darker picture_ with a black or at least gray colour of the webpage_ then you'll get a 5 from me ad a lot of other people _  guaranteed.
love all the features, and easy to use. i hope they don't fill it with advertising... because i love it how it is.
never experience any problems. does what its supposed to do, as advertised.
i don't like the ads
actually i love love love ig and would give it thousands of stars but do not like seeing and removing these sponsored ads. how do i stop them permanently_
personally, i love ads_ i always love seeing ads in my feed_ i watch and look at ads more than other things on instagram_ they rock_ _said no one, ever._ 0 stars.
y are there app advertisement on instagram._
i like the idea and use it very frequently, but the sponsored posts are way too frequent. i don't want to be barraged with consumeristic trash every time i open instagram. i don't care about the newest disney show. i don't care about the movies being advertised. it was good before it sold out.
good job. sad to see ads intruding now  _ but oh well. keep it simple_
its awesome but the cropping does suck, so if you want to crop it well get this app called instashot. no this isn't a paid advertisement just advice. _p
works exactly as expected and advertised for a basic iphone app. wait, this is android, isn't it_  why does it still look like basic ios crap_ time to get some better android programmers that can actually take advantage of all the benefits of the android platform. plus, needs a better ui, material design, asap. every app i use has been updated to material design for months, from big names _like twitter_ to small independent developers. except for facebook, messenger _ instagram
to be honest its not as good ad i thought it would be and it keeps saying i can't post comments. it needs to be fixed. but apart from that... eh. its okay.
way too many ads now. there used to be maybe 1 ad a day, now there's 20.
suddenly have random video adverts popping up whenever i'm on instagram, only way of getting rid of them is to click home button, really annoying_ sort it out_
works well. as advertised. came on time.
i'll give it five stars when the custom location comes back. it was dumb after the new update to delete it. bring it back and take away the ads
at least let me opt in and out of categories of ads if you're going to put them on to my feed
good for all the artists advertising their artwork
it seems like every day there are more and more ads. and what's worse is you can't block them. i've blocked mcdonald's but i still see their ads all the time. i'm sick of it.
just took this down from 5 stars, because i just saw my first sponsored ad. ugh_ i want no part of that in my feed_
never have issues or advertising  interruptions.   always reliable_ thanks for getting it right_
i have never had a problem with instagram before other than the occasional spam and false ads. i love everything about instagram. literally, every little thing. so when there's a slight change in the updates it pisses me off. for example, i love how we can customize a location when geotagging our posts. even if with no name and the gps is on i love how the posts just automatically geotags itself when posted. i love that. now there's no more option of custom location and it sucks. please bring it back_
it's fun to use_ works great_ no pop ups or ads.
good app. does exactly what it's supposed to do. no shut offs, deleted pics, ads, or crap to put up with
i love it_ no ads simple and entertaining_ but it does some stupid things like say you've already sent the same comment more than once or its just doesn't let u send it
there are too many ads, and too many popular pages are private.
how to do paid ads
why all of a sudden so many ads_ it was fine only seeing one in my feed every once in a while but now there's multiple ads every time i refresh my feed..
lots of ads and now  surveys.  i still would like to pause my videos.
works exactly as expected and advertised for a basic iphone app. wait, this is android, isn't it_  why does it still look like basic ios crap_ time to get some better android programmers that can actually take advantage of all the benefits of the android platform. plus, needs a better ui, material design, asap. every app i use has been updated to material design for months, from big names _like twitter_ to small independent developers. except for facebook, messenger _ instagram
too much ads.
its great no adverts, no freezing, plus i love the app.
since when instagram started competing on selling ads. 5_ to remove ads.
i've always used and enjoyed instagram but lately the ads and instagram sponsored posts show up more and more in my feed. it's becoming quite invasive with an ad every couple of scrolls into the feed. is instagram going to make a paid ad free version_ i'd rather pay to use it than have to scroll past ads like tv commercials on a dvr.
too much advertisement is starting to pop up. aside from that its alright just wish they would stop posting ads on my feed
too much advertisement is starting to pop up. aside from that its alright just wish they would stop posting ads on my feed
wtf is with all the ads i'm seeing now. uninstalling.
more ads appearing
love this app...download it...take pics n post whenever u want..no ads...not a rip off... download this app _
instagram, an obsession_ until it gets cluttered with advertisements like facebook.
i really like the app but the people they mentioned me all the day for ads and i dont know how they get my account every day they mentioned me 2 or 3 times, its really annoying and every body don't like that, solve that problem
this is as advertised an app for photos
3 stars only now since they brought in ads. leaving it due to it.
stop putting more and more ads. i swear every time i go on there's more ads then last time. as if we don't have enough ads shoved in our faces from our phones already. jeez
ig has ramped up their ad spam. can't scroll down a few pictures without seeing one.  i can't wait for the next photo share app so we can move on.
hate the advertisements
every thing works okay just that it  takes a long time to load videos and their are way to many ads on my timeline.
the sponsored adverts offer nothing i'm interested in. comic books, hiking, photography, comedy, music etc. save the mercedes_benz ads for people with the money and interest in them.
the sponsored adverts offer nothing i'm interested in. comic books, hiking, photography, comedy, music etc. save the mercedes_benz ads for people with the money and interest in them.
this app is geting more and more ads. i just got three scrolling through 8 hours. thats tripple what they used to have
this app needs 5.0 lollipop with material design, multiple accounts, full frame pictures. only updates are for improving ad experience. _improve my feed by removing ads_
i use instagram as my main social media site, i love it_ though one thing that really bugs me are all the ads from hollister and coca cola etc.
i was just starting to really like instagram... now their ads are getting out of control. way too many _ one is too many, but now it's every few photos. as much as it pains me, i'm just going to uninstall this spam app.
ads and now  surveys
easy to manage and easy to take a picture without all the ads
it works as advertised and is a platform that still has potential.
there is a lot of.faults advertise and a lot of bullying on here but it here than that it is cool
app works as advertised, and it's a great way to share your photos, but i'm sure that no one will read this, because 95_ of the modern world already knows what instagram is and could care less about a simple review on the google play market, to long didn't read, such wow, much excitement
hey, i have somethings u can improve on. 1. more characters in the bios _add 1_10 more plz thx _ 2. this is a question, how many accounts can you have_ 3. some spam accounts crash your phone so please improve that, its very annoying. 4. maybe u can link with a editor, such as aviry ect. that would be perf _ 5. lastly, instagram isnt as popular as it used it be so maybe after u do one of these things advertise and u would get more downloads for defo_ thank you for reading xx. _ rosemary
this is one of the greatest social networking apps i ever been on. seems like they give you unlimited storage space _ it has improved over the years and i appreciate the fact that there's not many ads. keep up the great work... the only thing i wish they would fix is to allow android users to switch back and forth to front facing and back camera while recording simultaneously like you can do on the iphone
what_ i think i'm starting to see advertisements. i want my ad free insta back_
what_ i think i'm starting to see advertisements. i want my ad free insta back_
works exactly as advertised.  love it.
was great... then greed came into play. gotta make that _ all the businesses trying to follow you and the ads...it's diminished what was once great. similar to facebook.. hmmm...i wonder why.
alright, instagram.                                  on a technical basis, i've had no issues whatsoever. it runs great and smooth. features are simple and easy to use. the filters and options offer different insight to photos. social use is as advertised.          tldr_ instagram is one of the best photo and video sharing applications.  as the quote says, _a picture is worth a thousand words._
very bad the last update every second ads
instagram has finally sold out. they now have ads and now i think i'm done.
ig should limit the ads to explore page instead of my newsfeed its annoying.. i'm still waiting on the switch to a different account without logging out of your current ig option. other than this i love ig _belleacting
glad the ads seem to have died off. love this app for connecting with the world and looking at beautiful photos. minimal problems with functionality. keep up the amazing work guys_ much love xx
it works perfectly it's just that ads pop up every few seconds. except for this small glitch, its a great app and highly recommended.
it's the best even better no ads
in addition to forced photo sizes that inhibit using photos taken in any other app, instagram has decided to add in_stream _sponsored_ photos that are clearly advertising. _state farm_ really_ uninstalled and account closed.
there's this ad thingy. it keeps on appearing whenever i open my ig
i love it_ no ads simple and entertaining_
ever since i updated instagram, ad videos have just been pop out of no where on instagram. please fix this and i'll give it 5 stars.
it is as advertised_
1_mp4 video is not supported 2_too much advertising accounts.    but petty good for a social networking
dont have no glitches and has no ads
what about the ads _
idk it does wat i thought instagram was supposed to do but recently it's having pop_up ads which is weird considering i've never had this problem before with this app....it's ok tho
great app, works as advertised but there are a few things i'd like to see. first, there are a limit on hashtags. i get this on a system level but as a start up, getting exposure is key. second, the android app does not have the ability to regram posts. lastly, i'd like the ability to save images, i shouldn't have to screenshot content i want to keep.
high quality picture sharing. no clutter of ads like other social media. encourages the artist.
great app and good filter updates. however, sponsored ads are annoying. get rid of them. update_ now having issues linking my account with my facebook. pls fix this.
thus is my favorite social media outlet_ easily connect with friends, see things you want to, not what you don't _ i love that random sales ads are basically non_existent, and the updates to edit your photos or make a montage are the icing on the cake_ great app_
i would rate 5 stars if it would let me play the videos faster. sometimes i am sitting there for ages tapping the screen ad waiting for it to play, while other times i just scroll down and it automatically plays. i can't figure out how the videos play. i mean, are they on a time schedule, so when you look at them you have to wait a certain time before you can play them, or do you actually have to tap for ages on purpose and then it decides to play. what is with this_
i aded a person and i cant ad her any more evrythime i request it goes back to follow and i only had instagram for 3 days
you text any time any were great graphics and no ads just texting
its a good way to communicate without a ton of ads.
ads can be annoying. if you can somehow incorporate ads with hashtags and show people ads of only things they're interested in. then the app could stay free and billions wouldn't mind ads. idk _clanoftheclouds
i would have usually given it a five star rating but it has these really annoying ads that have being popping up. please sort that out xx
the app is cool but every time i post a video, it goes into slow.motion and the sound gets all.messed up. other dms which i have deleted appears back ad it's annoying.
i use it mostly for advertising my business.
does not hv useless ads compared to blackberry igrann however cannot seem to find an option to see the photos_posts i _liked_ previously... bb igrann's has dat option on personal profile page...
i love instagram. can do without the ads but i love it.
share the mood about what u feel, but the comment area ads are too much.hope could get better_
good and simple to advertise with. the best tool ever. i love this.
ever since this new update random ads and video ads pop up. i checked my other apps to see if that was the bug but ita not it's only instagram. they pop up at the most random time, it's really making me fustrated.. please fix
now when i wont to change my profile pic. it says error check to see if your internet is on. i'm using my data. your updates are really starting to suck. _ you should already have your ish together. with all the sponsorship coming in and advertisement.
at least allow me to choose the nature of ads that will pop_up on time line. other than this i'm cool.
good platform much more exclusive than fb ...nd lesser advertising blocks thus give u four star but ui needs to be lot more user friendly
_ you should already have your ish together. with all the sponsorship coming in and advertisement.
it's more stable than any other social network. short and sweet. no ads
not flooded with ads and viral videos_
i use instagram on a daily basis. i love it and i love its filters ad effects but for some reason the structure effect_i believe its called that_ is missing after the latest update _2 july 2015_ if there was one effect_filter i would use out of everything its that one. please could you bring it back. or even a better one. thank you.
there are ads. and you can't adjust a video in portrait mode, so you have to perfectly film with the focal point in the center. if uploading a video it might not fit properly.
wish y'all would ad a choice to the users, people who want they stuff to say k or not
it has been great free advertising for my tattooing. very easy to use and link with other social media.
great app, great way to share pics. see pics from around the world. better than facebook. lately little slow loading other people's pics. videos take awhile to watch. starting to see advertisements and hope it doesn't get as bad as facebook
they've successfully created an advertising app.
still freezes up and kicking me out. so lame _ you should already have your ish together. with all the sponsorship coming in and advertisement.
i love it but i think maybe ad more detail
still freezes up and kicking me out. so lame _ you should already have your ish together. with all the sponsorship coming in and advertisement. now i see only black screens when videos are playing.
i love instagram but there needs to be less advertisements
i love this app but it's really disappointing when you come across ads in your news feed, feels really tacky.
theres way to many ads it pops up every 5 seconds give rid of  this then i will do 5 stars
can keep your contacts private.  hate some of the new ads popping up.
recent ui changes are nice, still hesitant about ads though.
love instagram although adverts starting to creep in now
the app was almost perfect. aside from the growing ads, i'm annoyed by the constant resetting, making me start over from the top and always missing new posts. i want to see all of them_ it would make more sense to start where you left off, viewing the posts in order. ain't nobody got time to sit on insta all day. to add to the annoyance, they made videos mute unless you tap. would be great if you didn't have to watch the video twice because you missed they said in the beginning. bored of this app
it's nice... but i'm tired of instagram deleting _y post whenever i spam like maybe i'm spamming because of a contest and i need to win that prize so of course im gonna spam they should stop that and for me i'm tired of instagram always saying error or i'm sorry you comment is not going well so i can not talk and when i spam i can't like my post ad it delete my photos and the hacking
there are too many ads and it keeps freezing
missing multiple account management, does not auto fill _names when posting or commenting, shows ads
great way of advertising without consuming too much time_
good functionality, easy to use, no bull dust ads, and it's free_
on my main wall i see people that i never followed. my friends pics are lost in the middle. no interest to use the apps anymore i feel like liking at advertising
gone from one advert every now and then to quite frequently. i don't like this account etc and i still get ads from said account. disappointing.
gone from one advert every now and then to quite frequently. i don't like this account etc and i still get ads from said account. disappointing.
love catching up with family and friends without the clutter of ads like other social media sites are. only wish there was a way to reply to individual comments without flooding my feed.
ads at the bottom_ ehh not so great  _
instagram made it so you can hide sponsored ads, you should have that same option for the explore feature. not everyone wants to keep scrolling over the same unclothed person every time. i don't want to have to see it if i don't want to.
i'll give 5 stars if we can put more then one picture when we upload, for example like on the sponsored ads where you can slide to the side and their are more than one photo . i think everyone would like this feature on there pictures thank you
this new version is lagging a lot. the app crashes all the time, plus i can't upload pics now, as soon as i am done with editing the app either opens its home page or some advertisements. this thing is really annoying.
no way to block the spam ads that have no increased.
the ultimate platform which has a lot of great filters. should launch the ads for brands in india and also should increase the video range from 15 seconds to 30 secs.
i really like this app, i enjoy the set up and idea of it in general. i have it a 4_5 instead of a 5_5 because the app does have a couple issues. for one often when i'm editing a picture instagram will freeze or become unresponsive. that is slightly bothersome. i wouldn't mind if in the next update a couple new filters were available or if instagram would ad stickers and_, or frames into the flip through menu when editing an image. those are just a couple suggestions. overall it's a very appealing_ _
please remove ads_ what is this_ it never had ads before
love the photo effects so simple yet effective and easy to share on facebook however the advertising is a pain and so are the companies disguised as genuine folk
pros_ just photos, easy to use, not annoying to search through, i dont have to read about everyones political opinions.                                           cons_ there are now ads....... _l
so i was going through the peoe i followed to start unfollowing them because all i was seeing was ads. so i go through the ones i had been seeing post ads and unfollow them then i notice once i unfollow them the app makes me follow the right back_fix this pleeeaaaase_
does everything as advertised very well.
instagram is not working properly it wont load any posts or notifications and its making my phone run slow and i keep getting ads. im sure the ads are coming from instagram because it didnt start happening until i started using it after updating the app. and ever since i logged in on my internetl_ browser app it has been making my internet run slow and im not able to use my browser at all.
instagram is not working properly it wont load any posts or notifications and its making my phone run slow and i keep getting ads. im sure the ads are coming from instagram because it didnt start happening until i started using it after updating the app.
i love this app u can see peoples pics and comment no ads and its fun
its cool because it has no ads
people will advertise other peoples accounts for money via the app kik. this is very annoying and makes me lose intrest in instagram because it is supposed to be where you can share photos not ads. can you set up a monitor for this stuff_.
people will advertise other peoples accounts for money via the app kik. this is very annoying and makes me lose intrest in instagram because it is supposed to be where you can share photos not ads. can you set up a monitor for this stuff_.
great never have ads love this app just make the video more longer
probably the only consistant app with no ads
everyday i am getting more and more advertisements_ i thought instagram would not go down that road. at least let me turn off ads
everyday i am getting more and more advertisements_ i thought instagram would not go down that road. at least let me turn off ads
i like instagram i use this now over facebook. i left facebook and haven't looked back. its easy to use and no ads which is a huge plus.
the best way to edit and share ur photos immediately.... without encountering the annoying ads.
it never has ads and my photos look so cool
amazing app, its great that no ad shit like facebook and twitter
still love the basic purpose for instagram but all the ads is becoming ridiculous _ irritating.
it downloaded fast on my phone and it doesn't have any ads.
its great since im barber can advertise my work._
exactly as advertised...
best to advertise my business as a decor company
it's really cool, a great way to advertise businesses and fashion sites.
instagram does what it advertises, but i dislike how some videos certain people post, pop up later down my timeline in others photos. please fix this glitch.
great app , not too many ads or spam
best way to interact with the people i like .with out being disturbed by ads.
don't care for the sponsor ads you guys have other than that i like the app..
if u guys want to follow my account so ad yeh hai mohabbatein love
ok, here is why i give it a zero. a reason is that i can't post anything without these ads popping up. fix this for a 5 star
get for fun, advertising or just keeping up with friends and family
just seen an att sponsored ad on my timeline. i've never seen them before and don't want to in the future. ads ruins the experience for every app that has them. this is not cool instagram employees. _
the only reason i'm not giving this app a five is because of ads in the news feeds.
although there are people selling stuff, advertising, c'mon.. it's made for sharing, not marketing.. go somewhere else.. _
i love it..  no ads no crap works well.. neat clean simply perfect for me
great app...works as advertised
a rich community of photographers into one tiny tool. yes, instagram is a little app filled with wonders. funny that people can readily criticise it but where else do you get such ad free quality_ it's simple. way simply designed and works very well with similar apps like vsco. i use nothing but the two.
it gets boring. they should ad a cool new update to attract more users
it is so awesome that when your on it no mess ups no ads or nothing like that
no ads ... love it_
still freezes up and kicking me out. so lame _ you should already have your ish together. with all the sponsorship coming in and advertisement.
the downside is that you can't see the full size of the image, but advertising your art is a great way to start here in this vast community of artist._
i hate the ads
why put ads in my feed_ i don't want to see that stuff. half naked ladies in my feed is not what i want to see. thinking about uninstalling.
the ads have greatly taken away the true wonder and excitement.
i don't really find it fair that ads get to use multiple photos in 1 post, i think it'd be cool if we can do that too
this app is amazing, other than the fact that you put in advertisements... that is not what i got this app for.
i saw this gmc ad thing, and you can swipe through one post and it shows a full big picture. please allow instagram users to be able to do that so they can post bigger pictures
is this the update that adds more advertising_ i'll hold off for now while i contemplate whether ig is worth using, should it become like all the other social media apps i won't let spy on my phone and bombard me with irrelevant junk ads.
is this the update that adds more advertising_ i'll hold off for now while i contemplate whether ig is worth using, should it become like all the other social media apps i won't let spy on my phone and bombard me with irrelevant junk ads.
i don't like this app. yes, it does have filters. yes,  it can directly upload to facebook. it's use doesn't really apply at this point in my life. with the addition of advertisements that ensures i will uninstall all updates and shelf this piece of forceware. thank you instagram for at least being up front about the addition of ads to a place that one wouldn't expect _want to see them.
i don't like this app. yes, it does have filters. yes,  it can directly upload to facebook. it's use doesn't really apply at this point in my life. with the addition of advertisements that ensures i will uninstall all updates and shelf this piece of forceware. thank you instagram for at least being up front about the addition of ads to a place that one wouldn't expect _want to see them.
people are talking about the update but the should stop,i agree with ads coming
the instagram is an perfect place for photo sharing.  would have given it a five star if they did not introduce advertisement into this fantastic app. and there has been recent news that more ads are coming.
the instagram is an perfect place for photo sharing.  would have given it a five star if they did not introduce advertisement into this fantastic app. and there has been recent news that more ads are coming.
this update is driving me insane_ and now you decided to add advertisements_ are you kidding me_
i tought insta would be a challenge to facebook but unfortunately insta is acting like an immature baby.. why cnt i boast by post by advertising with instagram ... this feature should be introduced asap
it's good. but lately i've been getting a lot of ads and spondees but that all love itt
i haven't had problems with instagram. it runs well, and i've never once seen it crash. you may need another app if you want to do any sort of editing to pictures other than slapping on a pre made filter, but i won't lower the rating for that because it is a social media outlet and doesn't advertise as an editing app.
it's full of options, no ads on my end, and i keep in contact with friends while feeling as if i'm part of the action myself.
i am in love with how seamlessly ads weave their way into my feed and their presentation is always accompanied with an interesting and relevant picture and they are few and far between. this is how ads should be done.
i love this app it has no ads, and lots of people to follow.
first i like can't copy and paste,  then i can't like ad many pictures as i want, or comment. fix this and i will consider changing my rate, and it keeps crashing
previously wrote_ _not enough editing options but good way to share pics quickly._ now they've started automatically playing sponsored ads videos while you're on cellular data which is an absolute joke. you'd also expect after all these years improved editing options which is not the case.
i love how its ad free and its easy how to follow and unfollow . its really easy to post with the camera thingy pls if it doesnt work your phone must be not powerful enough
works as advertised
does what it advertised it would.
the advertising spam for crapp second rate apps using fake accounts on the search page is shocking and even after mailing instagram support directly for help twice already i still get no assistance. very bad service but there is always time to develop stupid new camera filters.
great way to advertise n express yourself
good way for me to advertise and promote my business
can't upload no pics or video its say unable to let ad images then it force it to the timeline
i simply love instagram... it works perfectly and it never freezes...and no ad interruptions
i really love this software. i have been passing through it in advert cuz i did not really know it was more useful than i thought. it's  fast and very  simple to use 
kakaotalk at this point is pretty much a required app for anyone part of korean community, both mainland and overseas. everyone uses it, and more and more use it as a result of snowballing. so, i must give it that due credit at the least. the app itself is not a very good one outside of its huge userbase, i get garbage advertisements and clickbait from it every two or three days. its size is at least ten times what it should be for a text and audio messenger. overall i would not recommend to non koreans.
ad video call option
i can't connect to my friends and many ads..
this app is just freaking amazing _ it has no ads. there are no in app purchases. and they don't pester you into signing up. it really is free. thus, definitely deserving 5 stars _
easy to assign apps to different users, and keeps kids locked in the gaming center but still free to move about the parent approved apps. app adverts denied too, really care free.
simple no ads my 2 year old uses it with ease and we have it installed on all our devices
does exactly what it is advertising. works well for my 5 year old nephew
i thought kids corner was meant to be kid safe but if i download free apps my kids can still click through via adverts _ _
no frills, not insulting to the kids, gives them what they want and actually removes what they are either not interested in or might accidentally do harm with. gives the parent what they want too, the screen time limit is flexible for parent to increase ad hoc for good behaviour. some have criticised as unfriendly interface but i see only flexible power. perfect for simplifying ad_laden amazon fire os or with kids up to and possibly beyond preteen. thanks_
keeps the kids from going to ads
love this. allows my kids to play only the apps that i allow them to. i don't have to worry about them launching ads. also has the option to automatically restart apps if they are inadvertently closed.
love this. allows my kids to play only the apps that i allow them to. i don't have to worry about them launching ads. also has the option to automatically restart apps if they are inadvertently closed.
it works pretty well, but since new updates on galaxy 4 tab and phone, the kids are able to get out of the kids place to ads on the web and then they can search.   needs an ad blocker,and a purchase blocker, because  let them click on purchase, luckily they didn't know my password.
my toddler has a few learning games she loves and sometimes, momma needs to pee without an audience. unfortunately, she doesn't understand to not click ads. this gives me an opportunity to let her learn and do things without having to worry every two seconds. _before i discovered this, i found her online _shopping_ for barbies._ i especially love that it let's me choose which apps are available and that i can _switch users_ when the kids want to take turns.
was working fine last night now its like almost every game i press on it loads up then closes saying its a blocked app i messed with settings and still nothing...also i assumed this would block him from google play after checking the block marketplace option but it does not ad shows up and next thing i know he's downloadin stuff..
the ads that go off as soon as my phone boots is bothersome. but what really makes me want to remove it is that it changes my lock screen paper everytime my daughter uses it.
my toddler loves playing with my phone, so i downloaded a few games for him. then i realized how potentially risky that was, when he started pressing the home button and trying out other things. kids place completely solved my problem. it locks the home button so you go to the kids place home screen, restarts apps automatically in case of accidental exiting, turns off internet and blocks ads and play store. easy to use, customizable, and just what you need if you let your kids use a phone or tablet_
this is the perfect app for my boys_ i have a four year old and a two year old, and i love the restart feature. no more tantrums when they accidentally close something,  and no more worrying about them ending up clicking an ad and being redirected to the app store. this app gives me such peace of mind so i can cook and clean without having to check every few minutes to make sure they're on child safe content. two thumbs up_
i love the app my three year old loves to play her games and i have the peace of mind she can't go to shady ad websites.
love this ap but when kids have games via  post ad they click on it and it takes them to ap store than it lets them excited out kids mode need this fix where ap will block the content that pop ups. also would be nice to access there tablet using another to be able to add games on these parental control and set timers and be nice to add chore list like the nabi tablets have no them.  adding safe browser where parent can add tab to the browsers that safe site.  the  browse wont let them type in address bar
this is an amazing alternative and easily customizable_all my friends and family have galaxies which comes with the kids mode that locks kiddies in a safe place away from ads and accidental purchases while keeping you safe from them accidentally posting to social media or dialing random people ...my phone is great but it doesn't have that feature until now...thanks kids place_
works to keep my almost 3 year old in just his apps. it doesn't work well with some of the free apps that have a bunch of ads and in app purchases and are low quality.  i just stopped downloading those kinds and stick to the paid apps or the ones from better sources _pbs, nick, disney,etc_. this is a life saver to protect my pictures and emails from being accidentally deleted by little fingers_
it didn't work. it kept crashing the apps my son was playing. if he accidentally clicked an ad, it would put him back to home screen instead of take him back to game. i found a better child lock app.
i like that i don't have to worry about my toddler opening ads, buying things, or messing with my apps. it does what it's supposed to do. thank you_
won't load, and has ads that my daughter can click on... when it does load, it won't let her play any of the games.
to stay logged in only one device makes the app much less useful. the size is bloated. the utility is less than other chat apps. new update adds more ads.
the ads kind of acceptable
please add feature to block unwanted unofficial account shares .. my timeline looks like advertisment page _'
new update force us to show the annoying timeline button or call _ please make the option to hide it back like old vers. do you trying bad like facebook bring back the original line. i lost huge amount of data because the official account advertisment annoying notification. just stop using line for android. whatsapp_telegram is better
i don't mind ads but pop ups are beneath their level
please keep the app size stay small or ad the feature to clear sdcard data, as the app size goes more than 100mb.
too many ads lately. old school pc app. no browser based client.
new update force us to show the annoying timeline button or call _ please make the option to hide it back like old vers. do you trying bad like facebook bring back the original line. i lost huge amount of data from official account advertising. just stop using line for android. whatsapp_telegram is better
greeting, i notice that everytime once open timeline, i only see lot of advertisement from sponsored, official account, or from business account. is it possible to divide advertisement and friends post_ maybe this is the reason why getting lesser ppl wanted to share status in line.
its not necessary to make ads if there is already having paying stickers
remove all pop up ads please.
but why do you advertise on hack ex_
im using line not to watch ads everytime i open this apps. eat that money i have bought for stickers.
use to be the best since the usual uncontrollable greed delivered us invasive pop up ads, going back to whatsapp.
i paid for coins but line need more_ fullscreen ads really anoying me. that made me don't want to click on line icon anymore_
i have just notice that there are some ads appear on line home sceen. it doesn't look good and annoy me_ hope you guy fix it_ thanks.
line was a nice chat application. but now they push stickers on you with pop up ads. it's gotten very annoying.    if people want to buy those stickers they'll but it by themselves.
the last version has ads and big pop_ups on the screen. you want to kill line_ many people will uninstall your piece of crap.
started getting popular ads today. shame.
now you begin too much to let the pop_up ads showing on the app during using it. i think this will lead your app into the disaster. the official chatting app like this shouldn't have ads pop_up showing up like this. please consider more and more.
it says it's free and it's not i tried to make a phone call and it said i didn't have enough credits and if i wanted to purchase more. false advertising
good but a think is too much spam ads here, i am not fans about it, it uses heavy space memory rather than any other chatting apps, i have no idea with account bot always send spam comment or spam message. thank's
lots of funny sticker n emoticon... but too many ads...
please don't do much chatting with all of the ads. i'm tired. ads ads ads everywheeereeee.  beside that, everything was nice.
there is too much ads i hated it
so many ads..and now the ads are in side my system
few days ago, it starts hving advertisment when i start the apps. its very annoying. considering to uninstall it.
smooth, free, no ads, and awesome
wow so nice ad review to esay that's
i can't log in through email in fact i've make sure that the email ad the password are the right one _
back button still not added. and the _search message_ after newest update is worse. ugly design and animation, please bring back the oldest design_ and please remove the ads that pops up in the chat list, sometimes in the status bar camouflage like a _virus warning_.. and i feel the newest update has made the notification push become lil bit slowly _delayed between sound notif and the notification bar preview message_
please, there's hackers in my alumni group, they kicked all of us and send me a disrespectful picture they kicked us, and the members are those hackers, please banned them, i want line like old times where is no fake oa and advertising oa, those things really disturb us, they played us like a damn fiddle
back button still not added. and the _search message_ after newest update is worse. ugly design and animation, please bring back the oldest design_ and please remove the ads that pops up in the chat list, sometimes in the status bar camouflage like a _virus warning_.. and last, snow effect is super terrible worse feature that makes the app heavier. remove it_
difficulties to be connected when out side of vountry.  too much ads for selling such as stickets.
too many ads
the app and service is well executed. emoticon and stickers are fun to use. i just felt like the advertisement to _use on all your devices_ is false. line will practically lock you down to a single device. it won't let you roam easily to another device like hangouts or skype. _chat on phone then quickly switch to tablet, for example_ you can _migrate_ same line account onto another device, but the first device will be wiped out. not practical to quickly switch devices on the fly.
actually i like this app, but i don't know why it changes into _you have a new message_ i think it's an ads. so i don't open it. please change it like the last version. i really hate that notification. i'll give 5 stars if you change it_
you shouldn't advertise free calling if i have to pay for it.
line is my least favorite app on my phone but unfortunately older relatives only use this messaging app so i have to keep it.  i experience many difficulties when using it... have been unable to transfer an old account to a new phone, and now unable to send videos after a recent update _why was my older version able to do it, but now i'm told my current version does not allow it_.  also there is so much spam on line_  i'm frequently added to random groups and sent advertising.  it is very annoying_
lots of my friend uninstall and leaving line because of the very disturbing ads and game notifications. please line be more kind with these things. i completely understand that asian product will never could live without ads, like no other. i dont know whether its useful to write in here, because i dont know where else i need to write.
too many unnecessary things being advertise on your apps
works great, no ads, free.
back button still not added. and the _search message_ after newest update is worse. ugly design and animation, please bring back the oldest design_ and please remove the ads that pops up in the chat list, sometimes in the status bar camouflage like a _virus warning_..
it's nice that u can add free coins by fulfilling the missions, but y do the ads take so long to be replaced_ i would have given 5 stars if u change the ads to new ones every single day.
started getting pop up adverts stop this or i'll stop using this service. also with lollipop you cannot get any more free coins.
too much advertisement
the app is okay, working quite well. but please stop advertising message that's annoying me.
to much fitur that i didnt need it.  its very disturbing. to much advertising,  i was instal line,  but every time i play game line adv always on top and close game butons.  i hate it.
i can more or less tell you right now no one going to download the app to gain coins as it wastes time and sucks_ and now the coins we gained got expired date. what the hell is that_ most of my frens switched to use whatsapp rather than boring line. and now is my turn to uninstall line and switch to use whatsapp which is fast, no annoying advertisementsssss. bye.
i have using this for more than 1 year , but it was getting bad , the reason is _ ads kept poping up ...
advertised as free text and call. not even given free minutes to start off.
actually i like this app for making video call and free call... but unfortunately its to many advertising.. please reduce ads
actually i like this app for making video call and free call... but unfortunately its to many advertising.. please reduce ads
i really hate the ads.. or push notif _sticker contest, new sticker, new services, etc._ of line official account. althought you can easily disabled it, cmon do i really need to disabled line official acount _
gaming...as leader it gives my group a place to communicate and chat. if i have no cell coverage but have wifi...can call and do video chat. can share pics and vids. i have no real complaints for this free app other than the advertising which is not too bothersome.
some people said, bb_ and wha_sapp are great, but nah, they're so outdated cz late to adopt unlimited file sharing, personal album, sticker, video _ voice  call and even rip off your data for advertise without equal interesting offers like free restaurant voucher and lucky draw_. if you're the next generation of social messenger application, use line _
cannot restore chat history if you change a new cell phone, lots of nonsense ads keep beeping.
too much ads
i already install ad uninstall for several times, but i still can't open it. if you can fix it, i'll give 5 stars
how to remove many ads _ ads very disturb. i used to chat quickly, faster. but this app is very weight.
constantly hits you with spamming to get advertising done. use ads not messages and notifications... poor choice for revenue.
constantly hits you with spamming to get advertising done. use ads not messages and notifications... poor choice for revenue.
please make the sticker events ads when opening up the apps_
this app is ok but it's a bit annoying with lots ads follow behind.
really hate ads pop up under the app
do u mind to make delete contact feature_ and please do not make add friend list everytime we are invited to ad group on line, it's very annoying..
why advertise free calling just for the download then say you new to buy credits... scam artist
pain in the ads to get set and find people
too many ads lately. old school pc app. no browser based client.
many different setting and themes. a little too much though with the advertising of the emojis. also a lot of the emojis are too big. but overall fantastic for chatting, especially group chat.
damn it every 4,5 hours you get an annoying message,  they are advertise or idiot useless messages from line
it's not free like it claims.  you need to buy the minutes.  they dont even give you any free min to start off with.. screw this app and there false advertisement.  i'm going back to textplus.
the chat functionality works well, and the interface isn't bad, but text ads that it keeps sending are annoying, as are the plethora of emoji_weird characters that the app seems determined to shove down your face.  also, the fact that the emoji suggestions are enabled by default is a ridiculous mistake_ i almost deleted the app before i realized that feature could be disabled in the settings.  the video chat however is the biggest deal breaker.  my girlfriend has an iphone 5c and the video chat echos horribly when we try to video chat in line.  i tried troubleshooting the issue but couldn't find a solution.  instead, we tried both skype and facebook messenger's video chat and both were much better, without any echo on both of our phones.
this is a great app, but i see no new improvements in this update. now it's full of whole screen ads. i'm quite disappointed about it.
the emos are very good here but sadly msg delivery doesn't prompts when msg comes in...it soon needs a revival n strong advertising if it needs to curb whatsapp..i feel its much better than whatsapp
actually i like this app, but i don't know why it changes into _you have a new message_ i think it's an ads. so i don't open it. please change it like the last version. i really hate that notification. i'll give 5 stars if you change it_
line messenger is becoming less and less chat related with too many games and other notifications. should split app into line messenger and line social. and sad to see android 2.3 menu pop up all over the place when we are using android 4.x and 5.x now. adopt material design. add _official account_ minimization column for chat section. no need to mix personal chat with advertisements chat.
the chatts n call messages are really helps, and also the funny stickers are cute but too many advertising, we can't blocks some groups that cause me got too many unimportant messages
after the last updated i can't delete my post in timeline. my post belong to  advertising...
some people said, bb_ and w_ are great, but nah, they're so outdated cz late to adopt unlimited file sharing, personal album, sticker, video _ voice  call and even rip off your data for advertise without equal interesting offers like free restaurant voucher and lucky draw_. if you're the next generation of social messenger application, use line _
first, this app takes so many spaces in my phone _i didn't even download any stickers or themes_ and then, there's no 'person is typing...' which makes people hopelessly waiting for the messages in return. and then when someone post something on their timeline, there is no simple button for liking. like, we only need to give our thumbs up, not 'overreacted' emojis. also, this app is promoting so many other apps or should i say ads which you cannot remove it and it's annoying.
this is a sick ads app
only special is the cute stickers, it lack longer length for sending videos, and not able to share audio files. and too much advertisement about games that its so irritating to use.. and you can't delete unwanted friend in friend list, only hide
too many ads
only special is the cute stickers, it lack longer length for sending videos, and not able to share audio files. and too much advertisement about games that its so irritating to use..
i downloaded this so i could call my doctor. waste of time, it's not free_ false advertising. i should sue the line company_
doesn't work on external sd card, _ doesn't retrieve chat threads, on android 4.4 _which's false advertising _ lucky for line, this app's free, or it'd be a lawsuit_, _ seems to be a way, for people to avoid cyber stalking jerks ... ever heard of texting apps, people_ ... just saying.
whoa major blunder. now every i got message its rarely appear on notif. even when i got a call its not appear_ only advertising message appear frequently. why u do this to me line_ 1 star until u fix it.
must be better if we able to share a post from oa without add that oa first. why_ because most of oa are spammers on private chat_ ironically, after share a post from that, i always block those oa which are spamming me shitty ads. come on line_ we always found great post. when we're about to share on timeline, we have to add them first. sometimes i decided not to share that because of the rule.
whats the point of wasting space on your device_ it says free, well get a clue no its not_ you have to have service on your device_ if no service no calls no text what a lie_ plus if i have service why on earth would i waste the space and data to download_  take this app down its false advertising_
i tried to write something on my pic applications , but suddenly your ads appear and i cant use the space because of your ads _ fix it _ i dont want to install this app . its annoying _ its really annoying .
fairly confidential and a fast way in connecting with friends  but requires checks on securing  clients photo on the timeline which is currently unchecked ad can be obtained by your friends .
great app, but too many ads. please reduce the amount of ads_use more efficient way to place ads.
this app advertises free messages and calls, but the calls have to be paid for. false advertising much_
i hate those ads
good features but a ridiculous number of ad related notifications  i'll just stick to facebook messenger
i tried to write something on my pic applications , but suddenly your ads appear and i cant use the space because of your ads _ fix it _ i dont want to install this app . its annoying _
i move from blackberry messenger to line because i hate that broadcast message and the f u c k i n g ads... but now your stupid in game notification make it even worse... why i must installed your stupid game first to turn off notification.. make it easy to turn it off.. not all your customer is like to be annoyed in the middle of the night with that notification... now i think whatapps is the most better messenger who suit me well..
don't listen to any negativity they are wrong_ it isn't slow or anything_ no ads no money just chat_ unlike skype _
i loved how people can leave their text before i add them back. but not to ads, spam, and games clover.seriously i need some filter for these
wtf are people complaining about_ i video and voice call from britain to america for hours and hours_ the connection seems to die at times, but i'm sure it's to do with ee _the uks biggest, fastest, most reliable....._ bunch of liars_ a free app, without intrusive advertising or pay for content. i often use this to organise teams of over 100 in games, as well as video calling my partner across the pond_ as for adding mods to stop _nukers_ what's gonna stop a mod nuking_ it's the best social media app i use
it says free but once i tried to make a call they wanted to charge me. sure it is cheap prices but it advertises free calls. mislead
every couple of days this annoying app pops up another ad for stickers, _events_, etc. couldn't find a way to shut it off, so i uninstalled the app.
line is definitely a messenger for teenagers, those of us who wish line can be use as cross_age messenger, we can't expect much. just look at the themes and stickers. in my opinion line is just a 'having fun' messenger, not very suitable for running bussiness, etc.. this app is also known as a battery and memory hogs, thousand ads.
too much advertisement
why so many ads _ official account _ chatt from line game , line ramadhan , line for android.  line event.  line , etc . annoyed
i'm sure that people who like stickers and themes love this app, but it seems like a bunch of unnecessary thrills that just suck battery life. and the annoying messages and ads from line come too often. there are other messaging apps that work just as well with less annoying _features._
too many ads sent daily. will uninstall soon_
almost not connected..to much ads
too much advertisement
the app in of itself isn't that bad but they spam you with advertisements and you can't turn them off because you still need your message notifications.
sound quality is awful,  can't understand what the other person is saying.  plus keeps spamming pop_up ads every day.  uninstalling.
the voice and video quality are better than skype, but its not easy to find people and there's not much help to explain the acronyms that are  being thrown around, which is confusing. a friend has this app but i can't find him by name, and it appears you can't search on anything else. the daily ad popup are the strangest and most ridiculous i've ever seen, not to mention way too frequent. whoever manages this has lost touch with reality. it's a bit too _cutesy_ and childish to take seriously. stickers_ ffs_
look i need this app but come on guys_ you spamming the crap out of my phone_ bbm and hangouts are better but i needed a third party app so i am putting up with the constant ads...for now.
it costs to use it to make calls. cheap but not free as it's advertised.
good app...can reduce on the adverts though_
always unwanted sms ads
simple and fast line app. no ads in app
remove ads please
hello line, i really appreciated your work and i'm always using line as my primary chat messenger. despite many great features, recently i feel like i need to tell you about things that could improve line services.  here is my suggestions _  1. adding _hide from timeline_ features for line_ account. because in my country _indonesia_, line_ account is often used for advertising and false information. many line_ account seems to be spamming my timeline.
it's nice.  call clarity is good as compared to other applications. only thing which annoys me is too much of advertisements.
too much ads, fewer free offer. shame on you dude
you guys have extremely shameless advertising. i know that line need lots of money to keep operating, and you guys already giving free coin, one of your profit way. but at least stop auto_share any liked content from line_account_  also, add _block this line_account_ game share post _ instead of _ block user post_ feature please. really need to clean up the timeline from junk post. especially from line_account bull_
the first ever company to give advertisement in pakistan, really loved it_
hi pls check th pc version of line.i turn off alert from some contact still its get start to alert automatic.pls chk .and when i delete somwthing from mobile or pc of some office account of advertise still in other device its remain their. and pls give new update to back up all data even we change the phone register line again .pls pls its really important.
too much advertising. ...sometimes it's advertising agent...
the stickers are cute but every time i try to buy new ones, i'm missing coins from my purchase. the app offers a _7.99 pack for 500 _100_ bonus coins, for a total of 600. the last two purchases i made have never delivered the bonus offer, even though it's still posted as such. either put it through or stop advertising the bonus coins.
plz stop doing alot of ads i deleted  this application because  he make alot of ads every and i have to wait to skip them
when i first registered my line account in a foreign country, it asked me whether i would like to bind my account to my phone number without warning me the consequence of changing phone numbers.  1 year after i left that country, someone purchased my number there and used it to register a line account _i believe_.  then, i lost all the contacts and stickers _so it is a bad idea to buy any sticker there unless you don't bind your phone number to your account_ _ my contact becomes empty and all stickers are gone.  but then when i logged onto my account via my laptop, all my contacts are still there.  and my friend had similar experience previously, and the support at line was able to recover her stickers and contacts.  i worked for few high tech company _and a bank_ listed on fortune 500 as an engineer, and so i know there must be a way to recover given the information above.  it just seems like the support at line doesn't care about user experience.  it also makes me wonder why companies should spend money on advertising via line, given that it can lose all contacts under the circumstance that it is not the user's fault.  my complaints via email are ignored by line now.
hello i didn't line right now cause people share status someone, i really really hope this features deleted soon as i hope, in indonesia this feature used by ads sorry for my bad english
the voice and video quality are better than skype, but its not easy to find people and there's not much help from the info or tutorial to explain the acronyms that are  being thrown around, which is confusing. a friend has this app but i can't find him by name, and it appears you can't search on anything else. the daily ads that popup are the absolute strangest and most ridiculous i've ever seen. whoever manages this has lost touch with reality. it's just weird and annoying, and mostly irrelevant, mostly.
too many ads
uninstall due to the annoying ads. really few message in a minutes sometimes.
it was more or less a 3.4 to 4 stars, but, i've been bombarded with ads recent and now, you have earned your 1 star.
in the latest version there are so many full_page ads, and messages where you _might_ be able to win a gift card, that the app has gotten really frustrating.  i get several per day.  given that i've bought a lot of sticker packs, i should have given line enough revenue to leave me alone for awhile
latest update has too many advertisements.
in the middle of typing a message, i now get pop_up ads. wtf. are you kidding me_ i'm uninstalling if the idiots in charge don't wake up and stop this new _old_ practice.
a lot of advertisement. really hard to use on tablets, same account can't load it onto two different phones.
it's annoying too many ads thinking about uninstall it and get oovoo
the recent line is totally a disaster_ it takes a thousand years to receive messages_ sometimes i have to manually open up my line just to receive the messages... though it is 100_ not applicable on those advertisements... please think of a way to solve it_ thank you
there never used to be any such adverts previously. it is annoying and irritating to the user. do you want us all to use another data messenger_
look i need this app but come on guys_ you spamming the crap out of my phone_ bbm and hangouts are better but i needed a third party app so i am putting up with the constant ads...for now.
i get ad notifications daily from this app, even when not in use. i only use it occasionally.   used to use it a lot a few months back.  it was good then. it is no longer a good experience. uninstalled
everything was fine, now i get notifications for ads and stuff i dont want. everyone should start using whatsapp and erase this app if they dont stop_
works as advertised
i didn't get rs 50 cash voucher on paytm for posting ad
i used to really like line, with their special stickers and all. but now it's just plain annoying_ all the ads from line events and all the official accounts, i receive around 4 to 6 notifications from them in 1 day_ it's just too much.
false advertising here_
apps ok, but the irritating game ads are making me reconsider
sends you advertisements about completing a mission amd receiving a free _5 gift card _in this case, amazon_. just a bunch of bogus _ never got the email for the gift card.
this app is great. i really love the stickers_they are so cute xd i just wish that earning coins could be easier....like maybe through watching ads and more opportunities for downloading apps....
i can't use this on my desktop, which makes it a deal breaker. the default emoticons are pretty ugly. i also get tons of ads through notifications, and there's no way to turn them off.
this used to be a good and very useful app. but recently they started spamming all users with advertisings that cannot be turned off. messages also frequently arrive very late, sometimes hours after they were sent. so much for _instant_ messaging.
it has become nothing but ads..
used to be the best chat app. also has great add ons. lately they're sending me messages and ads. i don't mind seeing ads but don't send them as messages that vibrate my phone and demand me to look now_ luckily i had an option to ignore the sender and stop it for now. if you take that away i will take off 2 more stars and find another app.
i get almost daily spam from the li e company. it_ usually useless advertisement junk. now they even try to sell sh_7 ebay style. but you have to pre purchase tickets even to bid. hahaha.    ripoff. i will find a new chat program asap. 80 megs of crap.
previous update put random ads on my phone. you sped it up but added ads not in the app but whenever i exit out of my options_ that's illegal. it's not even in your terms of use to allow that.
you can only send videos of less than 1 minute duration, so its useless in that matter. please add more capacity to send larger videos. and don't send any more advertisements about the free coins_
daily i had to block up to 10 people for ad spamming me. don't download this absolutely annoying app.
it's a good messaging application, especially for tablets. however, it seems the tablet audience is not being served to the fullest due to some odd design choice to limit landscape display to chats only.  as a user with a tablet_keyboard combo, this is a perplexing thing to have been overlooked, and it makes navigating the application a headache outside of actual chats.  otherwise, the program does exactly as advertised, and it functions well for what it does thus far.
it is ok app but stickers are only for aisa line needs to get usa on board for advertisers stickers
i believe they can't handle the cs traffic themselves that they are really relying on diy solving methods for users. some technical difficulties are impossible to solve without their side taking actions. as good as the app is, the customer support won't listen to us. and so it was reflected in its recent updates, where they ruined timeline, notes, and just really a lot of ads there.
was loving line and recommend this app to my friend until this update came. the timeline used to be peaceful. now everytime i check my timeline, there are so many advertisement. it's ok if someone share their friend's post cos its interesting but some _unknown user_ using the share function to get more followers by posting a giveaway and told us to add them and sahre the post. and the worst is making my timeline tell me that my friend liked other user _not my friend_ post. do u think it is important for me_
too much advertising
earnings in euro _ subscribe to globe mobile. join ovc2005.nichego team deal_ just close the advertising window on your phone or pc. during registration enter ovc2005 name. the best and easiest earnings _
there is a great app _mobile globe_, and most importantly do not need to install anything. the essence of the work is that you get paid for viewing ads on your phone or on a computer _as you wish_, that you can just shut down and do not move on to the website, the money you will still get. get you'll not millions, of course, but if you get a group of people that i am now doing, is from 1 euro and more per day can be produced. adds to my team. during registration enter_ evgnmin and start earning.
don't give me ads.
too many advertising and i ignored every message that is coming, and the result im not feeling to open any notification from this apps eventhough its a real message from my friends.  because i think its only another annoying advertising
there is no new fetures of msngr.. plss ad logout fetures on msngr...add some new emoji on masngr like whtsaap... not good ap _ nd yes most importent pls add privacy on call fetures .. .... people cl me several time i fl vry dstrb on it..fixd it fast plss... ad privacy on cl plss _
ads
this is the most invasive app our phones can download. read the permissions it asks to be able to turn on both of our cameras at any given time to view and record and listen to everything going on around us to better suit marketing and ads for our liking but honestly its all b.s. huge privacy invasion this app is why when you google things and then go to websites and find out the advertisements or exactly what you googled this is whats wrong with the world on this is what destroyed the original fb.uninstall
this is the most invasive app our phones can download. read the permissions it asks to be able to turn on both of our cameras at any given time to view and record and listen to everything going on around us to better suit marketing and ads for our liking but honestly its all b.s. huge privacy invasion this app is why when you google things and then go to websites and find out the advertisements or exactly what you googled this is whats wrong with the world on this is what destroyed the original fb.uninstall
wow.. just try advertapp using this referal _d_ 2a7sv and earned money.. you can use the points for any games specially the clash of clans..
update after update, what are we updating google_ it never works properly when you mess with it from all the over rated code writers that seem to churn out from the big old google machine, hey follow me to the toilet il let you know when ive finished so you can send a loo roll advert lol
what if i don't want to install it pls remove the ad to my fb because i prefer the basic messenger,you should have choices were people can decide whether they want it or not..why are you forcing fb users to install it.we cannot even read messages when the app is not installed.even if its 5 againts 1 you should atleast consider other peoples choices not force people to install an app they don't want to.you know what privacy means.its been months and i can't open my messages because the ad is still there.
wow.. just try advertapp using this referal _d_ 2a7sv and earned points.. you can use the points for any games specially the clash of clans..
i'm logged in with my phone number how do i ad friends to my friends list because i delete my messages and can't get back to my friends after one i can find in the search
i don't like this type of additional apps reason of here very insecure chat or personal info. but i had to install this apps reason of i can't chat with regular away by facebook apps for this messenger promotion advertising. i think this is black mal with subscriber.
why is there a button for calling uber on my chat app_ doesn't uber already have its own app_ didn't realize facebook was going to mutate ads into this otherwise phenomenal product.
it's a good idea to advertise with
why won't these ads go away i'm not interested the more you try and sell it the less i want it
first_ there is no option to log out. second_ i hope you could add an option to use messenger for facebook pages. using the messaging on the facbook page manager is not that convenient. you keep adding and adding a lot of buttons and options, but these two. some people like me who does business using facebook need these. and i think you should prioritize on working on these options. we pay for our ads and i guess it is just fair for facebook to make running our business easier. just sayin. thanks_
its really annoying how i have to get the app just to give someone my number, and waste even more space on my phone. what happened to being able to talk to them throught the fb app_ why even have the messanger option on the fb app when its just an ad that wants you to get the messanger_
always loved facebook ,especially before messaging became a seperate app just for you to earn extra money from ads,disappointed really
i would like to know how to erase photos on my msgs n advertising_
wonderful app, with a great and user friendly interface _ a must have for all facebook users with android powered phones. why advertise something you dont have _ free calls are not available _
why do we have to get this app winwillingly_ i mean can't you just leave it an ad for only those who want it_
takes key words from private conversations and sends ads. so much for privacy not_ fb is really getting b a d _  fb please ad christian stickers for the millions of us christians that would love them and use them to the umpteenth degree. thx
not enough space. i can't use it so sometime when the ad is there can't get messages. which is probably going to be permanent no messages through facebook i guess
being forced to install an app in order to send messages_  after the big facebook bought whatsapp everybody must use this app that will surely be full of ads and bloatware and what not . google_ is way better no restriction less buggy and even faster and cleaner than facebook.  it could be used by 500 million ppl , but dear facebook u still missing the other the 6 and half billion ppl. and by forcing your users you not going anywhere. _if you don't want to install  this app just use the mobile site_ _cit _
i thought update is to fix bug , but facebook give us a sticker advertisement. stop give us a sticker advertisement_ it's so messy.
ingredient of the most important thing is that the information you provide me with a few years ago. the comments for your business and leisure facilities and services to the right place for you. if the reader of this page and click help with this product is currently empty add an additional cost of the most important thing is that the information you need to be a good idea to advertise the best way to get the best way to get the best way
wonderful app, with a great and user friendly interface _ a must have for all facebook users with android powered phones. why advertise something you dont have _ free calls are not available _
when i uninstalled it my phone keeps freezing and all of these google ads just keep popping up.
deleted fb and messenger. too many ads on my personal phone. u have no right and that's why u r gone now.
does it really bug you that much that you gotta force everyone to download this_ i was completely fine using the messaging straight from the facebook app, but now i literally can't cuz you guys have blocked it with ads for downloading messenger, which sucks compared to messaging on the app, and so i'm forced to use this crap.
i used to use this app all the time because 80_90_ of the time i don't get a cell signal at my house. but now i can't type more than four words without it freezing for2_5 seconds before a stupid popup ad appears. its now easier just to walk around my house until i get a signal than to use this app through wi_fi. uninstalling.
it is useful it doesn't have bug nor pop out advertisement thanks messenger
i use it because i can use it chat with my friends without using fb. and most of all, no ad.
its very good, no ads. no bug.
okay so really i'm not gonna repeat what others have ranted before about like 10 million apps just for fb, but i am gonna say this_ why fb_ you give us update notifications all the time and with the latest update the chat heads don't even pop up anymore, the gif videos not a great idea and i go to settings just to make sure i get notifications for the msgs sent to me and when i do there's no notification_ so i never know if there's some one texting me or not, therefore getting texts late. tis false advertis
it lost it's simplisticity. there are too many options. i accidentally click on the search and photos comes up to drain my data. there's also like an advertising section now_ .....
greedy corporate scum from facebook have designed messenger to listen through the phone's microphone in order to target advertise
get rid of the pop up ads. it's this stupid program that wrecks my phone. but we have to have it to talk to ppl. it's bull_ fix it or i get rid of the program_
wonderful app, with a great and user friendly interface _ a must have for all facebook users with android powered phones. why advertise something you dont have _ free calls are not available _
please remove this ad from my facebook so i can read my messages. i had it twice but the annoying little bubble kept getting in my way. i also have limited space on my phone so i'm extra fussy about apps that i download.  please remove it and block people from inviting me. thank you in advance xxx
i cant even message anyone without an ad popping up and i cant exit out of the ad so i cant message anyone period_
this app is ok, but to make real money, you need to get advertapp_ there i made like 15_ per day with no affords at all.
i don't like having to exit facebook to send messages but this does what it advertises. overall_ meh.
wonderful app, with a great and user friendly interface _ a must have for all facebook users with android powered phones. why advertise something you dont have _ free calls are not available _
by which i mean it is missing a widget, unless someone can point me to it... and also it is missing sms texting...  why is it so difficult to incorporate regular texting so i can ditch my regular sms app. and for those whining about privacy_ your isp tracks every tap you make, every site you visit and does sell the info for demographic and advertising purposes, and you pay them. facebook is free all they ask is you let them monetise your use. it's just business. they have a staff who has to pay rent.
why. am i forced to use this crap. sorry  i can not afford to have a app that you cannot  stop  using up all my data . sending crap adverts to my phone . if you force it will remove  face book account. .
the app is useful for communicating as advertised however some things like notifications appearing in every device even when already viewed and consumption of resources of the device can be fixed
always heard in advertisement in any media form. free to use.. but .. not free of charges. hehe.
don't get me wrong, the app is clean. it performs well, and it's actually kinda cute to use. however, take note zuckerberg. if i don't want to download it, don't act like someone trying to sell you their mix tape in times square and shove it in my face. the word _choice_ is apparently not very prevalent in your lexicon, is it_ great app, horrible advertising.
why is that ads is popping  in my screen when i use messenger_  please remove it it's annoying _ i'll make 5 star if you remove it _
won't load media, i reported the problem i say 10 times. they should  compensate us for their false advertisement.
but plz ad night mode 4 night chatting.
messenger now comes with ads, very annoying_ going to uninstall it
i got it to receive messages from my family who don't have cell phones and instead it takes me an hour or more from the time they send a message until i receive it. not what is advertised at all. not to mention the whole reason i downloaded it was because facebook no longer lets me read my messages elsewhere. stupid as hell.
to much wasted time and advertising seems like it's directed for immature, too young and just plain dumb. it also seemed like i was going in circles and i never got my info cause the website was down.
this is app is horrible fb only made it to get peoples information and pass it on to advertisers i would never use it but when i am away on holidays i need to use it to call my family
is watching a movie. i have a good idea to advertise the best way to get a great time
ingredient of the most important thing is that the information you provide me with a few years ago. the comments for your business and leisure facilities and services to the right place for you. if the reader of this page and click help with this product is currently empty add an additional cost of the most important thing is that the information you need to be a good idea to advertise the best way to get the best way to get the best way
blocked my screen with there ad. very frustrating _
seriously_ ads right over my space bar_ right in the middle of me typing_ right over the message entry field_ what is wrong with you_
how many people have to complain...  fix it..  not going to look at any more ads till you change this feature.  fml
wonderful app, with a great and user friendly interface _ a must have for all facebook users with android powered phones. why advertise something you dont have _ free calls are not available _
screw this bullshit ...downloading an ap to use another ap...i  decided to use google..  go to facebook...  add the fb page to my home screen ...done   no bs and is just like the desktop version with no bs adds  after adding google ad blocker  ...deleting both the fb ap and messenger ap
i shouldn't have to, waste storage for an app,  _of an_ app. come on fb_ advertising _ all the users, should pay you guys enough. now you're like the government being _greedy_. i thought you were, _for the people _users_.                               sincerely,                                                  a salesman
why do i need to install this when the facebook app supports messages_ they are just locked behind an ad for this app, wasting more space on my phone
this app has some dangerous permissions associated with it. facebook is collecting your data and using it for marketing and advertising.  with the permissions you allow they can listen in on your private conversions
i always disturbed from this advertisement idiots
needs more info ad out logging in and signing in
good game, but too many ads
u can tell they can listen to u because it makes a noise ad if a tell tuned out
waste of time_now adverts and crap to slow your phone down.... aviod
facebook, a great tool for advertising or catching up with old friends, has many pros and cons to using the service. do you know how much information facebook actually collects_ when, where and how your information is being used_ who its being shared with_ before anyone uses facebook or any of its affiliates, i'd recommend checking out the terms of service and the privacy policy. i'm 100_ sure many things will surprise you _ this will change some of your actions and behaviours on fb.
i'm not downloading this just to communicate with my friends in _better quality_. screw that. why waste space just to talk to people when i can just use the facebook app like always_ look, just get rid of that stupid messenger ad blocking my way of seeing the messages i have and re_enable messaging without the app, and it's all cool. because, i mean look. you're ratings for both messenger and facebook are decreasing faster than a rollercoaster going down a hill and you don't even care.
hello. i am a filipino boy. 13 years old. i was gonna chat with my friends until this piece of ad _i hate ads_ that i need to download this messenger. facebook you are so over_reacting. jesus_ hope no problems cause it will make lot of curses for this app. including you_ _the facebook_. why its so slow. waste of time_
so many ads
ads ads ads always pop up on my phone now after downloading this app_
the app is useful for communicating as advertised however somethings like notifications appearing in every device even when already viewed and consumption of resources of the device can be fixed
not exactly dependable eats my lg battery _calls are not of quality advertised_takes twice the time to update as all other apps i use,even with wifi
is there advertisements in facebook messenger_ because sometimes when the chat heads are up, adverts cover my screen. i want to know if this is part of facebook messenger or if my phone has a virus on it. thanks
phono is very impressive product. it will not disturb me like other channels of advertising. my spare time is utilized to acquire me revenue. pleasant principle.
not quite good why do we have to download new app just for chatting_plus concert movie this app to my ad card
there are so many problems with this app i don't even know where to begin. it crashes constantly, freezes on simple tasks. messages will not send without restart 80 _ of the time. the interface is now choppy and hesitant. the chat bubbles are now intrusive to fullscreen apps. facebook want's to keep you dependant on desktop computers for more ad clicks. multi_billion dollar companies should not release garbage like this unless consumer satisfaction is near the bottom of their list.
i just deleted my account. been using facebook for almost as long as it has been around. talk about the invasion of one's privacy. change the policies ever other month to take away freedom of speech. don't allow me to view what matters _the posts from my friends and family_. riddle the home page with advertisements, as if i'm going to buy more crap... aside from that_ the app itself has been busted pretty much since it came out. oh, to top that off _ it can't even fit into the main one_
useless app that adds no additional value to the user. it serves to only add advertising dollars to facebook and their advertisers. video chatting app would be ok, but not if forced to use it.
pop up annoying ads every 5 mins even not in use
this is a bad idea to advertise with us. this is a very dangerous  app .
easiest ad fastest wyay of having conversation. it helps a lot. but sometimes it has bug and error occured.
yeah how bout rolling out an update to get rid of the spying aspect of the software you implemented. the turning my mic on to listen to _ambient conversations_ without my knowledge_consent to send me _targeted advertising_ is not something i appreciate and feel violates my rights.
these pop up ads suck on facebook messenger _ i was forced to download facebook messenger because facebook will no longer allow me to private message anyone on the regular facebook app _
noo _ i mean its crazy _ can't u leave me alone._ i mean _ ugh_ its totally my choice if i really want to download this app or not _ y r u advertising it so hard that i'm now forces to have it . hate this. _
to me i can say this app is good ..... and i can't send messages from my facebook because of the facebook messenger ad
wonderful app, with a great and user friendly interface _ a must have for all facebook users with android powered phones. why advertise something you dont have _ free calls are not available _
i'm only downloading this to get rid of the notification on my facebook app but it always messes up my phone with ads and junk. i despise this app. and why the potential threat alert every time i use it_
facebook, a great tool for advertising or catching up with old friends, has many pros and cons to using the service. do you know how much information facebook actually collects_ when, where and how your information is being used_ who its being shared with_ before anyone uses facebook or any of its affiliates, i'd recommend checking out the terms of service and the privacy policy. i'm 100_ sure many things will surprise you _ this will change some of your actions and behaviours on fb.
it's nothing more than a glorified tracking device for advertisers. also it was a useless idea of an app that never needed to be made in the first place.
please removed your ad from hijacking my fb message.  thx
it seems like to put more money on the ads then rather on the app. also i just find it stupid that facebook decide to use the messenger to send messages to your friends rather than inside the facebook app. so i am switching over to google plus. goodbye facebook.
it is always stucking and tooo many ads
is watching a movie. i have a good idea to advertise the best way to get a great time
where you are  what your doing what you like who you hate...and.......what you drink..dah   more ads for my cell...i love it
i don't like the fact that there is no way to delete the ad for messenger from my phone.
way too many privacy requirements_ download to read a message, delete from my phone, download to read a message, ad infinitum...1994 anyone_
oh please, could you please just get rid the ads to download this crap messenger from the existing facebook apps_ too much consuming on batt,data and also space. please
why do i need two apps to use facebook_ my messaging app does photos and videos already so this is nothing new or exciting. seems like just another way to force more ads on me rather than a solution to a problem. instead of installing this extra crap i will probably just uninstall facebook on my phone and use it on my computer instead. suck it, schmuckerberg.
undeniably in today society,  most of us have a facebook account.  with this app,  we can be connected.  the current user interface is simple yet sweet _no advertisement,  no useless unrelated messenger functionality_.  like its sticker stores too.
having to message my friends off of this because your stupid advertisements won't get off my chat box..
you have to pay for it, and a few tips for the first time in my life. it has today, and i will not receive a copy to me. the list is not a problem with the latest. this email and any files which i think it was not the case, you are a bit. the may not oui the best of all ages, so that we are able, i think the last few years ago .i have to be a good idea to advertise the uk. i have to tt the uk. i have to pay for the first time in the uk. i have to pay for the first time that the information you need to be.
reads your text messages and then adverts appear in your facebook news feed related to your text message content... not cool, and not happening any more. remove immediately.
this app can place calls and text as you using your phone and data rates.  this app traces your exact gps position at all times, even when the app is not being used.  this app has placed calls to people on my contact list with advertising.  this was done without my knowledge until i received calls from people asking me to quit calling.  in florida, calling cell phones with advertising or collection calls is aginst the law leaving you at _ risk.
se ad shxh
why r u forcing to install this app... you have any idea to have ads in messenger in future or what...
i do not like being forced to download an app just to see messages that used to be in another app_ i like facebook's privacy invasions and in_stream ads even less. the only reason i haven't closed my account is that too many things need it for logins... but that's basically all i use it for now.
make it seem like your system  will crash if you don't  download it  bull same junk and  ads new appear..want to do something  for the people  give them video  calls again  give them  let them video upload themselves  again  you had the function  then took it away. stop  screwing up a good  thing for greedy  deep pockets  and stop  putting  stuff  i would  never  look up or need to  buy on borders of  my  page.
private messaging would not work. it would only _advertise_ that messenger was a better way.  so if i want to send a message not post to my wall, had to install. not cool facebook.
earnings in euro _ subscribe to globe mobile. join ovc2005.nichego team deal_ just close the advertising window on your phone or pc. during registration enter ovc2005 name. the best and easiest earnings _
update xog dag's entry is so ad dc
my ad faulty r_i
dk natural log is not so ad copy
why advertise on forever do not ngta messaging
ad donated to the cock that suck
earn lying on the couch_ drill application globe mobile phone or pc_ when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. the app is great _
so update and everything is the same, still does not show the camera in the upper right corner, so advertising to say that is now available for android, i do not see anything. on my pc already runs.
ad sja ...
dr pda g ad
police need kac.cu fai ad lm when k thich cai ep.
with the amount of money the company must make on advertising and 'data' they could at least invest in the product instead of 'annoying' those who helped to grow it.   we have to use this app if we want to reply to a message thru a smart phone ..it's rubbish and it crashes.... do they care_ _ no
whittle ad
you want to earn while lying on the couch_ drill globe mobile app on your phone or pc_ when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. start earning money with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. the app is great _
cunt cheek ad you stupid dog mother went up as the slower_consuming updates grams fuck dc j
advertising chip bounced away,
ad should be revised away, like cut it.
_ _ ad. this latest update can view photos shared more without access to discussion
i just ms most ms update. xog when using k see the ad review
this is like .. _ 'it always makes me trimmer machine .. sometimes .. expect the ad bug fix severe bugs, broken new version
ad k acne that people who keep pushing.
ad blocking my message and when i downloaded it so i walk the pe pa sent messages
i can not give or tat phan va nt o fp crab advertising department tao di
you want to earn while lying on the couch_ drill globe mobile app on your phone or pc_ when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. start earning money with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. the app is great _
he earned a advertapp mobile. enter 4v8pr code and immediately get the money into the account _
globus mobile application making a great advertising_ when you sign up enter a nickname crash888 just laykayte or block ads when you unlock the screen and all _
globus mobile application making a great advertising_ when you sign up enter a nickname crash888 just laykayte or block ads when you unlock the screen and all _
i have never liked messenger. when i didn't have it on my phone, my facebook always had ads like every five posts about it and how i can message my friends. and when i got a message from a friend on facebook i went to open it up and it said i had to have it to respond. like i'm cool with it but it has just always annoyed me and the new version i hate even more. atleast go more basic with it.
my head was stiff ad chat. fix d_m go. it makes trimmer _t lun, do not dc. had to retart again.
hate gay ad right away what the fb lieb vs what this nt nh_
you want to earn while lying on the couch_ drill globe mobile app on your phone or pc_ when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. start earning money with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. the app is great _
advertise on boyle bastard thing is to compel the download
download lac rather face me muon wool. supply dek du ad code alone .fjfnijnjnjnjc rtfjcxejnecjnjntgjnytcfjnjnjncekmcfimxdjncfj jnt jnt jnvjicnrfrjnjnfcjnrjjncrixhnjrcjnjnjnctvfjnjnt xfjnrcj jnjnrfjinicincrdj
. update to then lose the _photo sharing_ looking forward ad added
too many updates. can't send too many pictures at once or else it'll crash. it started advertising apps _that are supposed to be like add_ons but they're all supposed to be features that should be built in anyways_.
this unique application for earnings_ i paid about 10 euros a day _ during registration enter my nickname as invited_ they just need to press on the cross when advertising comes at razblakerovke screen_ in general download and see_
when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. start earning money with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. class app _
i invite you back in one unique application in which i have already paid 15 euros a day without spending a dime. it called the global mobile. install, register, enter the name of the invited_ luckya and start getting paid today for viewing non_intrusive advertising that appears when unlocking the screen on a smartphone or pc, put like get the money, the euro currency.
sy disagree ad massenger facebook app ...
you wonder how many times a day you turn on your gadget_ on this you can earn_ download globe_mobile, register evcklid nickname _without this in any way_ and get euro per view advertising_ do not intrusive_ only when you unlock the screen_ everything depends on you_
when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ kot2910 and get bonus currency evra. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlock, or swing on whom there is a globe_com cup advertising goes.
too heavy machine considered the decent ad
why would you dumb this software down_ going to look for another package. avast was great. but now it is mostly ads. shame they went to hell like this.
i paid for yearly subscription, 30 days later they cancelled. too many ads on paid subscription.
excellent anti_theft. excellent anti_malware. new ui made me feel like im using a windows app. and please, why so much ads content_
now the layout of the app looks like some kids game app. and ads are in now. good job with the ads. yes, all your users love ads. oh, and cut it out with the purchase of fake reviews. come on, its too obvious.
works as advertised.
i am an original avast user and promoter for over a decade now and in 2015 i stopped using avast on my and my customer's computers because it was bloated and constantly pushing the purchased version and other products.  i guess this is the year i uninstall the mobile version because the firewall was removed and it's advertising out the wazoo with no real benefit anymore.  thanks for all those years and hopefully your products become more lightweight, powerful and effective.
i was okay with it until this last update.  does not need that many permissions to protect my phone.  uninstalled.  also removed from pc because of ads.
i have had random adverts pop up on my phone. all this has done is the scan and can never find the virus. its absolutely no help at all. if i get help then i will review my rating.
every 30 days it warns me that my _very secure_ home wifi may be insecure and i should scan it. and every time it says, it's ok then shows me ads. every week it presents me with a report about how my device is doing _never anything of interest, just another chance to try and get you to buy other products_ so annoying. i believe it does it's job, but just seems greedy. now searching for a less obtrusive av.
i previously paid subscription and it worked great. now its _free_...for a product that is meant to keep my phone secure they now plant 3rd party advertisments on your phone. like bad cable programming. they canceled my subscription and changed their app to pretty bloatware with no notice.
a rather ambitious update. the new ui is good enough but will take a little getting used to. what i however don't like are the ads. i have no use of the premium features. i was more than happy with the free ones so been stuck with averts to get features i would never use doesn't really sound like a sweet deal. can see the apps currently being scanned but not the files _ folders. does it still scan apps on installing_updating them_
i have been an avid user for years. now paid subscription cancelled by avast with a referral to another paid service. forced onto free version that now contains ads. not at all what i expect from paid security vendor, went from taking money for trust _and i gladly paid_to selling ad space.
noticed, since the last upgrade, you've added more ads, also you have deleted the option to erase the events. and with the new upgrade, does your app. also scan my s.d. card as well_. hopefully with the new upgrade it hasn't changed the web, and antivirus protection. also i activated the community setting in my avast acct. and it didn't give me the bounus points.
excellent anti_theft. excellent anti_malware. new ui made me feel like im using a windows app. and please, why so much ads content_
seriously avast, what were you thinking_ you run a scan and you get the results with a two thirds screen ad, you run a scan of the wifi and you get the results with a two thirds screen ad. in fact do anything and you will get a two thirds screen ad. why are advertisements being being displayed in a paid for version of the product_ what did i pay for_ what was once a good av product, is now ad_riddled rubbish.   to anyone considering this product, if you don't mind ad_riddled garbage being installed on your
seriously avast, what were you thinking_ you run a scan and you get the results with a two thirds screen ad, you run a scan of the wifi and you get the results with a two thirds screen ad. in fact do anything and you will get a two thirds screen ad. why are advertisements being being displayed in a paid for version of the product_ what did i pay for_ what was once a good av product, is now ad_riddled rubbish.   to anyone considering this product, if you don't mind ad_riddled garbage being installed on your
paid for premium subscription on  november 25, 2015 for 1 year as reccomended. you removed firewall  and now it is suddenly free. what did i paid for_ to see all advertisemennts for free version_ no emails notifications about anything_ what's going on_ i want refund_ i've got your comment_ again no emails from you about it_ don't fool around_
the recent updates made a lot of changes that i dislike. first of all the introduction of ads to an app that didn't have ads before is quite annoying. second the permanent notification feature is also quite distracting _why do i always need to have an avast notification all the time_ and i'd very much appreciate if the developers removed this feature. until they fix this i'm using another antivirus program.
childish, free with ads, no functionality, i suggest to let us have the option to remove ads, im not settling for less. uninstalling. installing eset.
internet security should b free,_ ad detector safe browsing _
works as advertised
i am disappointed with the update which is a total downgrade. the graphics during scans look like i'm playing a game and then ads show up when it is finished. in one update you have turned a topnotch security app into something that's second rate which i will not continue using. i've replaced this app with cm security lite.
charge extra for the motor, wheels,and seats after the fact. now, feb,18,i can emphatically say..i was correct in my review. every app i've downloaded to date has been all inclusive of service's advertised. they may be free _the add one needed to make this app legitimate_ but not a very good way to do business. uninstalled and no further consideration will be given to your offerings.
new version does not have features like firewall and ad detector..... disappointed...
i would pay what i was paying before to remove ads or give option for paid subscription to remove ads pls.. thank you for the cool upgrades though.
awful ui, less options and features, not so user friendly, annoying ads... seems this app has to be replaced
why ads when i pay subscription_ it shows as expiring in oct but status is cancelled in google play which might explain the ads. how do we fix this or do i get a refund and go elsewhere_ also please allow me to swipe away notice on the home screen. your product is v good but can be v annoying. not smart to annoy paying customers.
best antivirus software on pc, and android _i guess_. i still love it for device tracking, theft prevention, etc. on rooted phones. however, i hated the new ux and ad bombardment so bad in the new version that i almost immediately rolled back to my previous version. yucky avast_ shame on you_ _'_ ...i may revise my comment later if i can find more time to play with the new ux_ until then, i'm sticking with the old version.
way too many full screen ads. obnoxious, always on, orange notification. really annoying, especially when screen is locked. go back to the previous interface.
i really loved this app. protected me from malware and bad websites ect. however since the last update they force you to watch countless amounts of adds everyday. not even browsing on the web and all these advertisements popping up_ uninstalled_ this app needs to protect the me from this type of thing not enforce it. at least let the customers know and give them a paid version for no adds.
so i have used avast for several years on my phone and home pc. recently the pro version on my phone quit working and now i have ads. it says i am paid till 11_2016 but then says cancelled how am i cancelled if i am paid till 11_2016. and no contact info to get a hold of avast in the app. i now see where you told someone the new version has all the pro stuff for free. i disagree. i paid for a version with no ads and now you have ads.
works as advertised. and for free, what more can you want_
what's the point of hiding avast anti theft in the app drawer, only to show it in the avast security app on the left screen showing avast apps installed and available_ seems pointless. it can even be uninstalled via there, even telling you to go to your android administration screen to un tick avast anti theft in order to uninstall it.  security and anti theft should not be put in peril just so avast can advertise it's apps. over looked and seemingly silly.please avast. correct me if i am missing something.
noticed, since the last upgrade, you've added more ads, also you have deleted the option to erase the events. and with the new upgrade, does your app. also scan my s.d. card as well_. hopefully with the new upgrade it hasn't changed the web, and antivirus protection. also i activated the community setting in my avast acct. and it didn't give me the bounus points.
paid for premium subscription on  november 25, 2015 for 1 year as reccomended. you removed firewall  and now it is suddenly free. what did i paid for_ to see all advertisemennts for free version_ no emails notifications about anything_ what's going on_ i want refund_
since young, my parents have always told me to stay away from drugs and alcohol. after all, my uncle did pass away from drug abuse and eventually liver failure and cancer. i must say, i regret listening because this app gave me cancer anyway. i died with the latest update of ams 5. whoever is in charge of the redesign should seek psychological help immediately. introducing cancerous third_party advertisements, extremely informal messages and graphics that seem to be targeted at the _very_ young audience_
i have changed my review from 5 stars to 1. avast completely screwed their paying subscribers by 'ending all subscriptions'. despite them saying they have 'not removed any features' , what they really mean is that the subscription you paid for is now worthless. installing ads that i now have to look at, even though i paid for the app, is not the same.  to put it a different way, imagine this_ you go to a movie theater and buy a ticket to see a movie, then you get home and the same movie is playing on free tv.   furthermore, i am incensed that they have enabled, by default, their own brand of spyware under the guise of 'community iq' and 'data sharing'. if i wanted to share the contents of my files, even if only the metadata, i would do so myself. setting this as default is bad, enabling it again, even after i had disabled it, is worse. i want nothing to do with any company that does not respect my privacy.
a rather ambitious update. the new ui is good enough but will take a little getting used to. what i however don't like are the ads. i have no use of the premium features. i was more than happy with the free ones so been stuck with averts to get features i would never use doesn't really sound like a sweet deal. also the app no longer tells which files or folders it is currently scanning. _ does it still scan apps on installing_updating them_edit_can now see the apps currently being scanned but not the files
ahhh, an antivirus that doesnt have many bloat and ads. thank you _
new version does not contain features like firewall and ad detector..... disappointed...
still a good product, but with the removal of the firewall and the addition of ads, it's not quite as good as it was. i understand why the changes were made, but will continue to use the old version for now.
as per till today's experience previous comments confirmed. at this point of time. it is very good. i will analyze later on after getting its true performance. but certainly it seems good as there is no other unexpected advertising. thanks avast team. now it is confirmed that,it is very good app. thanks avast.
as always, a great app. weirdly i actually prefer the ui update to the old one_i normally don't_. that being said, i feel like paid users should be exempt from ads_ if you can't afford that then i'd happily pay a little more for no ads, or make it free for everyone.              edit_ 5 stars after i learnt that all features are free and my subscription has been ended automatically, thanks for another great one avast_
used to work great in the background. now i have to click on a wifi scan just to get to advertising. i pay the yearly subscription and still have tons of ads. this will be my last year subscribing if i have to endure click bait to end up in the app store with a suggestion to download the latest addition of crap that i don't need. update_ received an email today stating that my subscription was cancelled wth no refund. avast _ shady. warning_ give 1 star review at your own risk.
used to work great in the background. now i have to click on a wifi scan just to get to advertising. i pay the yearly subscription and still have tons of ads. this will be my last year subscribing if i have to endure click bait to end up in the app store with a suggestion to download the latest addition of crap that i don't need. update_ received an email today stating that my subscription was cancelled wth no refund. avast _ shady. warning_ give 1 star review at your own risk.
version 4 was great for premium users. version 5 has become free whilst keeping certain features but now with no premium aspects. lousy ads that i don't care for and premium customers like myself are receiving extended avast vpn which has no benefit to me as i am already subscribed to that, plus i renewed my mobile security a month or two before they released their new version. no benefit to me at all. new ui is smoother but too childish. i hope the antivirus aspect is still good. will check on av_test.com
this was the best. now we have an interface from a kids game and annoying advertising. uninstalling_
since young, my parents have always told me to stay away from drugs and cigarettes. after all, my uncle did pass away from drug abuse and eventually liver failure and cancer. i must say, i regret listening because this app gave me cancer anyway. i died with the latest update of ams 5. whoever is in charge of the redesign should seek psychological help immediately. introducing cancerous ads, extremely informal messages and graphics that seem to be targeted at the _very_ young audience_
phishing websites not detecting, full of ads, no firewall..
i absolutely love avast. they make a solid product and this app is no exception. i don't get the ads though. i was more than willing to pay for something without ads. i had premium and paid with no complaints. i never once thought _i wish it was free_. i accepted that along with extra features, it would be ad free. now it's like most everything else, ad supported. that's a step backward. let me pay for an ad free version.
ads are excessive to the point of making the app nearly unusable
avast 5 removed all the features that made this app great and turned it into a nasty looking basic scanner that throws more ads at you than i have seen before. no change logs to warn you of your impending catastrophic app destroying update. if you use the send remote sms command feature then do not update to v.5 yes the firewall was not really necessary  as there are other free firewalls that are much better available for free in the play store, that do not spam you relentlessly. this update will do nothing to help retrieve your lost or stolen device and cannot protect your data either in the event that you cannot get your phone back, v.4 was the must have security app used in conjunction with anti_theft. all is not lost, thankfully you can download v.4 apk very easily by doing a google search and you can have those much loved features restored.  v.5 is a kids toy, v.4 was a great tool, i would rate 0 stars if i could. i have been disappointed  by apps before, but this is the first time i have ever rated an app, such a shame it had to be a bad review. it could have been a 5 star for v.4 but even the later versions were becoming too bloated with unwanted 'features' and spam.
if only there was a paid option with no ads_  i would gladly pay _5.00 a month for an ad free version. also please add a dark theme for amoled displays like all the best apps have. edit_ i uninstalled this new version and downloaded the old version again and i now realize what i was missing _ everything_
what's with the ads _
i liked this app because it detected trojans that the other antivirus claiming to be _1 could not even detect. it still does. firewall was another feature i liked because whenever my vpn app crashed, it kicks in and keep my selected apps blocked from the net. all in one app. i loved the simplicity that it was before,  now it looks like clean master with all the ads and stuff. i don't even see the preview of what is being scanned. i regret updating and what's annoying is i forgot to backup the prev. version.
this app was re_designed new version. and now we should be watch ads and ui is not comfortable.
it's ruined now, it's all ruined.... it has ads now, it has a constant notification in the bar that won't go away, and most of the built in features have been moved to separate apps that you have to download.... mutiny must have taken place in the avast corporation.....
the recent updates made a lot of changes that i dislike. first of all the introduction of ads to an app that didn't have ads before is quite annoying. second the permanent notification feature is also quite distracting _why do i always need to have an avast notification all the time_ and i'd very much appreciate if the developers removed this feature. until they fix this i'm using another antivirus program.
new version is always pushing other apps and games on you, which is fine except i'm a paid premium avast customer_ as far as i'm concerned these are ads even tho you call them recommendations... paid premium users should not have ads pushed on them even though if they disguised  as recommendations_... seriously
i installed this app, and all of a sudden i started getting pop up ads on my home screen. i never got pop up ads before i installed this app. i uninstalled it and i am still getting ads. thanks avast.
sorry, looking for some other one. this new version is also annoying me with its damn ads. _
this last update made it look like sh_ . oh my, just keep it simple_ all that animation and ads and confusing menu. what's the point_ please bring back old functional interface only better improved for material design not this crap. permanent notification is another flawed feature. if it's really needed, we should have the option to have it show only a text line and not an icon and text that take up a lot of space. the interface is so terribly not functional. i'm now thinking of installing kaspersky.
a rather ambitious update. the new ui is good enough but will take a little getting used to. what i however don't like are the ads. i have no use of the premium features. i was more than happy with the free ones so been stuck with averts to get features i would never use doesn't really sound like a sweet deal. also the app no longer tells which files or folders it is currently scanning. _ does it still scan apps on installing_updating them_
have had avast on pc, currently on laptop _ cannot find fault. android user for nearly 18 months again no issues until update on app...the new look is absolutely awful, i know still protected which is the obvious requirement but did you survey kids of 5yrs _ under for the new look_ please think of making it look grown up again. the user questioning the icon going, when swipe down its still there running, like power saver icon on m8 which went on marshmallow but still running.  oh ads far too many.
annoying banners and ads despite premium membership. repeated emails sent to developer finally fid the noise problem.
noticed, since the last upgrade, you've added more ads, also you have deleted the option to erase the events. and with the new upgrade, does your app. also scan my s.d. card as well_. hopefully with the new upgrade it hasn't changed the web, and antivirus protection. also i activated the community setting in my avast acct. and it didn't give me the bounus points.
atleast if you're making it ad based and removing premium features, make sure the ads are okay..
it's a little heavy on the resources, but it works pretty good. edit1_new version includes ads even on paid version. reduced 1 star. edit 2_ latest version eliminated the firewall i was relying on, without warning. docked 2 more stars.
i have used avast for years on my home pc's and phones, never had any problems. they have not let me down yet...... until this newest version. it looks childish and doesn't have nearly the functions it once had. and ads now,  really_ plus it crashes on my s5. i have reinstalled it several times to no avail. please fix this abomination.
i am disappointed with the update which is a total downgrade. the graphics during scans look like i'm playing a game and then ads show up when it is finished. in one update you have turned a topnotch security app into something that's second rate which i will not continue using.
great app, but adverts_ and a little more transparency on what you are doing with my data and advertising networks
im not sure because i downloaded something from the internet and there was a virus this sorted it out but if i see another ad from nowhere its a one star _
if only there was a paid option with no ads_  i would gladly pay _5.00 a month for an ad free version, but i understand you need to make more money with massive amounts of ads. also please add a dark theme for amoled displays like all the best apps have.
not too keen on the new interface.  like others, i just got the message that my subscription was cancelled with no refund. i surely hope this was a mistake. edit_ ok,  now that i understand what is going on,  it still seems kind of like a rip_off.  avast keeps my premium sub _,  cancels premium subs,  and gives me an app with advertisements.  this is double_dipping,  right_ or is that bait and switch_
what a waste of money .now have to put up with advertising_
avast 5 is introducing ads now_ and where is the firewall_ if you don't fix these, i am going to uninstall. you_ve just lost a long time customer.
i just paid for premium service and no ads. now this update has ads and says the premium service is now free. so now i see that they just canceled my subscription. maybe they'll refund my money and i can be done with them. i'm really disappointed. i've used avast on my computers for years.
i find the older subscription based model as it was ad free. avast must bring something similar.
this used to be my trusted antivirus for years, but the latest update made it the most annoying, whiny app ever. it keeps showing these notifications about your home networks being unsafe _it performs a _scan_ and finds that everything is actually fine_, or your apps have _dangerous permissions_ but then does nothing about it. the ads are another problem. they are everywhere_ i hope this goes back to being hassle free soon, or i'll uninstall. edit_ just read premium users are not being refunded_ what_
if only there was a paid option with no ads_  i would gladly pay _5.00 a month for an ad free version, but i understand you need to make more money with massive amounts of ads. also please add a dark theme for amoled displays like all the best apps have.
now with ads
i was a paying subscriber. now my paid software turned into an adware, with no refund. i want my paid subscription back without the ads and you trying to push even more of your stuff on me, without all the cute little animations _which don't fit the image of a hard security app, anyway_.
as soon as you open it you get a advert to download something else rimmed down your throat
i paid for the ad free package which i have been informed by email no refunds will be made as my subscription will continue running until it's expiry date i should still be ad free, this free app is not what i have paid for. refund or roll me back to the previous version. give people the option of a subscribed ad free version.
my name is avast mobile security. i worked great with a premium subscription. i decided to force every user to see my adverts and annoying notification. i ignored almost every review telling me my customers are unhappy. . don't be like avast mobile security_ _as an awil customer and recommender of over 15 years i am disgusted with the new business model._
....and wait....ads after app scan. developers have gone soft in the head. this app is no longer a serious app. i will run my subscription and switch back to the excellent and free cm lite security.
got an email saying my subscription has been cancelled, with no reason. what_  thanks for the explanation, it would have been nice to have that earlier rather than just saying my subscription had been cancelled. i trust the shiny new version will not include adverts, since that's one reason i paid up in the first place.
it may well be still protecting me, but i paid in full for the premium app and now its like the free one with ads and useless notifications. i will be looking elsewhere if this isn't fixed_  as yet nothing has come through to my mailbox from you.
didnt like the ads.was not there before.
thanks for ruining the app_ now it is useless_ the notification icon vanished, the automated scan does not start anymore, the app_lock feature only works on the app itself and avast now shows ads. you turned a useful tool into useless junk. very disappointing.
the new version is intrusive and full of ads. time to switch to a different antivirus. goodbye a vast, you got it all wrong this time.
ads to make me to install crap games after a security scan is not helping the professional appearance of security software. and where did the firewall go_ not happy with the revamp
i have used avast for years on my home pc's and phones, never had any problems. they have not let me down yet...... until this newest version. it looks childish and doesn't have nearly the functions it once had. and ads now,  really_ plus it crashes on my s5. i have reinstalled it several times to no avail. please fix this abomination.
thanks for ruining the app_ now it is useless_ the notification icon vanished, the autimated scan does not start anymore, the app_lock feature only works on the app itself and avast now shows ads. you turned a useful tool into useless junk. very disappointing.
avast used to be much more subtle on my mobile devices.  it did what it needed to do in the background with the odd advert about their other services.  with each update more annoyances and in your face warnings _about the dangers of your own private and secure home wi_fi_ as well as prompts to scan your device.  why does everyone always what to change things that aren't broken_
avast has lost me as a user and a premium user at that. moving to a free version so that they can smash you with ads combined with the loss of the firewall means avast can drop dead. i liked previous version but the new version is plain rubbish.
this was a decent app when it was a paid subscription.  with the new update they canceled my subscription without a refund and i now get ads in the app which is completely unacceptable.    an app you trust with securing your device should never be a channel for delivering advertisements.  nor should you have to put up with ads in a paid application.    not sure what avast was thinking, but this is a terrible way to treat paying customers and you can be sure i will never be one for them again.
this was a decent app when it was a paid subscription.  with the new update they canceled my subscription without a refund and i now get ads in the app which is completely unacceptable.    an app you trust with securing your device should never be a channel for delivering advertisements.  nor should you have to put up with ads in a paid application.    not sure what avast was thinking, but this is a terrible way to treat paying customers and you can be sure i will never be one for them again.
i expect a refund of my premium account from v4. it was not due to expire until july. i stupidly updated but now i get annoying ads. i can't easily tell that it's running because there is no icon in the top bar anymore. very disappointed. i used to like this app. give refund_
avast was _and for pc and mac still is_ my preferred anti_virus software, but not only did the latest update remove the firewall feature from the app _which i could've lived without_, but it also introduced 3rd party ads to the app. the latter imho is an absolute no_go for any security application, since it represents a nuisance at best and a pretty hefty security issue in the worst case scenario. if you really need the additional income, please at least release a paid version without any 3rd party ad code.
used to be a good app, now it looks like a game for 3 year olds. it's also now got a load of crap that i dont want, i have a call blocker, i don't need another, i have app lockers, i don't need another, on looking at the app permissions, i find out that avast is the worst app on my phone for permissions and adverts _talk about shoot yourself in the foot_. what i want is an antivirus app, nothing more, nothing less. uninstalling this total crap.
liked avast until latest update, which cancelled the premium sub without notice or refund. don't know if it still scans apps as they are downloaded. and now it includes ads. and no phone support for mobile devices. this is probably a big win for the nonpaying _free_ avast users, but avast should have done a better job of contacting its paying _premium_ users. note_ i upgraded review to three stars after latest install restored an icon showing that avast is running.
upgrade to v5, cancelled subscription without warning. what is the first thing that pops up after the new app's first scan_ an advert_ not the way to do things avast_ i really don't care for your _you haven't lost anything you paid for_ excuse and i don't want a free subscription to an app i don't want, to make up for stealing half a year's worth of subs. i paid for a nuisance free app that does what it is supposed to. a refund for the balance of your contract period is in order.
i paid for premium, they canceled without notice or refund to a _free_ account with ads. no more firewall or visual notification that the app is even working. shady business practices at best here. refund me at the very least.
had a subscription for over a year but the latest updates has ads all over the place which is out of order_ much prefer the previous gui too.
the new app has ads for fake antivirus that mistakenly look like part of the app_ this is an additional risk instead of protection, if this is the new policy it certainly isn't trustworthy_
on 1_29_2016, a little after 4am, i received notice from google play that my recently_started avast mobile security _ antivirus subscription was canceled. why_ i happened to be up at the time and sent an email to the developers, asking for a detailed record of the transaction, since i did not cancel my subscription. i received an automated email response that said their customer service dept. was getting a higher number of inquiries than normal and that they'd respond to my inquiry when they could.  i've also noticed a few ads popping up _ that's surprising for an app i've paid for. i'd be happy to pay a few more dollars a year to have an ad_free experience.  i'm sticking with avast for now because i know their security app is one of the best, but i won't change the 2 stars to 4 or 5 until i get some kind of update from their customer service department about why my subscription was canceled, and what they're going to do about it.
...way too many notifications that i can't easily dismiss. i don't need you to scan every wifi access point i connect to just to show me an ad. annoying and only there to increase ad impressions. uninstalling after i save this review.
good software. however, recent update has made it more ... over designed.... may be for appealing to youngsters. ...........further links, or ads could have been included.... while keeping the interface slightly modern and sleek _as in past_.......
i have been using avast on all my devices and computer for years. their security software is great. this mobile app is no exception except for one deal breaker. ads. i want an ad free version again. i am willing to pay for it. it's really a bad move to not grandfather loyal customers into an ad free version. i can no longer recommend avast or give it five stars as long as there is no longer an ad free version.
noticed, since the last upgrade, you've added more ads, also you have deleted the option to erase the events. and with the new upgrade, does your app. also scan my s.d. card as well_. hopefully with the new upgrade it hasn't changed the web, and antivirus protection. also i activated the community setting in my avast acct. and it didn't give me the bounus points.
latest update shows avast you are safe banner on moto g notifications drop down constantly. it's intruding. please remove that. also ads are prominent. earlier version was better.
avast also started to show the ads..
why are there adverts now_  i pay for a product and i expect not to have to see adverts in that product.  i'll be leaving as soon as my subscription is up if they aren't removed.  nice adware.
this last update made it look like sh_ . oh my, just keep it simple_ all that animation and ads and confusing menu. what's the point_ please bring back old functional interface only better improved for material design not this crap. i'm now thinking of installing kaspersky.
the firewall was a great feature, where did it go_  we now have ads even though we paid.  this is really shady_  i've cancelled my subscription and will be looking for something else.
if only there was a paid option with no ads.  i would gladly pay 5.00 a month for an ad free version, but i understand you need to make more money with massive amounts of background ads.  aside from the intrusive ads, everything else is just fine and the ui is more in line with lollipop, although avast was pretty good using material design already. also please add a dark theme for amoled displays like all the best apps have.
i hate the new update, especially the ads that weren't there before. seriously considering a different antivirus_
this is good antivirus software, however. the software seems to want a non_stop advertise itself and other applications and will not just run in the background and not have some notice of what is running. it just is too obtrusive. i suggest sophos antivirus.
new user interface is good but ads become annoying
ads are also the virus or malware so its not ok
i apparently still have _all the premium features_ i paid for... plus an extra, ads... if you don't remove this _bonus feature_ in the next release, i'm going elsewhere. hate the new interface and i'm one of the users who used to use some of the more discreet features that you have so kindly removed. idiots...
i don't have any qualms about it doing its primary function. however i am not a fan of the ads that are now a part of the home screen. also the constant, non removable notification that _you are safe_ irks me to no end. it was annoying enough when i had to go into the app to clear the scan results notification. now i can't get rid of this one. these new _features_ are neither wanted nor appreciated and i'm considering switching to avg.
invasive ads and click_bait style reporting. not what i'd expect from a genuine security app.
seriously avast, what were you thinking_ you run a scan and you get the results with a two thirds screen ad, you run a scan of the wifi and you get the results with a two thirds screen ad. in fact do anything and you will get a two thirds screen ad. why are advertisements being being displayed in a paid for version of the product_ what did i pay for_ what was once a good av product, is now ad_riddled rubbish.   to anyone considering this product, if you don't mind ad_riddled garbage being installed on your device, go ahead and install it. if, on the other hand, you are serious about about the security of your device there is nothing worth your consideration to see here.
seriously avast, what were you thinking_ you run a scan and you get the results with a two thirds screen ad, you run a scan of the wifi and you get the results with a two thirds screen ad. in fact do anything and you will get a two thirds screen ad. why are advertisements being being displayed in a paid for version of the product_ what did i pay for_ what was once a good av product, is now ad_riddled rubbish.   to anyone considering this product, if you don't mind ad_riddled garbage being installed on your device, go ahead and install it. if, on the other hand, you are serious about about the security of your device there is nothing worth your consideration to see here.
i was a paid subscriber to the premium version until just now. after this update i get ads, it thought i had never scanned my device, and it tells me my wifi _might be dangerous_. very concerning that it would exhibit that behavior, and as a paying customer i shouldn't have ads. i just removed my paid subscription.
in a word, bait and switch.  now that it is ad supported only i can't recommend it any longer.  ad supported is not the same as free.  as a premium subscriber, i find this very disappointing.  time to shop around again and see who wants my money.
it keeps bugging me with adverts so now it's gone. avoid_
as noted by others, the firewall feature has been removed in this update. this was the key feature for me, so i'll revert to the old version. also the ads are both uncalled for and visually displeasing. consider removing them and finding other monetisation options.
first of all, this new version is unusable. i've read other reviews complaining about the removal of firewall, and a bunch of ads, but i never even got to see them because the app crashes repeatedly. i can't even get past the _first scan_ because it crashes at 25_. it also crashes when scrolling through the interface. what is the point of having an app that doesn't do anything besides crashing_ also, not a fan of the new interface. who designed it, and who was the idiot that looked at it and thought_ yes, this is how our antivirus app will look like in the future.
used to love this product_ until they took away the root features and added ads.  i used to recommend it to all my friends.
i have been using paid version, still i am seeing lot of ads after the completion of scan.
used to be good. since update has become unusable, constantly crashing, forcing advertising on subscription users and hogging resources. uninstalling and not renewing subscription. abuse of users trust. do not install.
used to love this app now this looks like some child's game, put this back to the adult version, i'm not 5 years old. was this an infant school design project.too many pop up ads filling half the screen despite opting out of ads. seriously considering uninstalling and finding a grown up version. how many people need to complain before you listen. will give 5 when back to old design.
very unhappy with the recent scrapping of premium and the addition of ads. i demand a refund of the remaining 5 months of premium i had left.
good software. however, recent update has made it more ... over designed.... may be for appealing to youngsters. ...........further links, or ads could have been included.... while keeping the interface slightly modern and sleek _as in past_.......
awful ui, less options and features, not so user friendly, annoying ads... seems this app has to be replaced
i just paid for premium service and no ads. now this update has ads and says the premium service is now free.
why do i need to be reminded _very often_ that i have to do a scan with a persistent notification_ oh yes, i know, because after the scan, there is a loooot of ads to show_
am paying for elite version and have to put up with ads still_
thank you avast for destroying a perfectly good application. there was nothing wrong with the old one and now you have churned out this piece of cr_p. i cannot fathom why you have to cutiefy the application, it's an antivirus application, not a child toy_ then you have removed one of the most usable functions_ the firewall. ads are popping everywhere... this is it, this sh_t is going out of the window. i'm installing another antivirus app...
now gives you massive half screen adverts. thanks for that... _s
well avast is a great product until the update why.._ 1st the interface is simple but not user friendly, 2nd there's no avast icon on the top right of my screen i need to scroll down my status bar just to see it if the app is active or not, 3rd there's a lot of ads after i scan my phone, 4th the home screen is not useful unlike the previous one which allow me to see if my web shiel is on or not and so forth.. and lastly need to organize things like scan for phone etc.. hope you can fix this thing. thank you
since a decade, i have been using avast on my pc _ more recently on android, but all good things have an end and so is avast... not an exception. the reason for this is unnecessary ads popping up whenever i open avast.... you don't have to tell me what apps are available on play store.... if i need one , i can search there... its high time we should shift to a new anti virus which does not forget the very purpose of its existence.
the ui now includes a new feature called ads. uninstalled.
i cant find the sms filter and firewall feature anywhere in the latest version. why are they gone_ now i get bombarded by all those ad sms sent by my service provider. please bring them back_ oh and the ui, everything used to be in one single panel which is very neat. but now in order to use certain function i have to swipe left or right several times to get to it. why is it have to be made like this_ the old ui style is already well designed and very easy to use_
love the redesign_ i will reserve the 5th star until i've had more time to test. the unlimited app locking is golden. it would be nice if i could set up the app lock to _always_ lock, rather than only lock when the screen locks. but for a free option, i have no complaints. _i would, however, gladly pay a buck for this option, and a few one_time bucks more to eliminate ads altogether._
....and wait....ads after app scan. developers have gone soft in the head. this app is no longer a serious app. i will run my subscription and switch back to the excellent and free cm security.
what is with all the advertising crap_ battery savers and other assorted crap_ ready to uninstall.
love all the options and how useful it is_ not crazy about the horrible new interface or the addition of ads to some part of the app.
as always, a great app. weirdly i actually prefer the ui update to the old one_i normally don't_. that being said, i feel like paid users should be exempt from ads_ if you can't afford that then i'd happily pay a little more for no ads, or make it free for everyone.
avast 5 is introducing ads now_ and where is the firewall_ if you don't fix these, i am going to uninstall. you_ve just lost a long time a customer.
after _downgrading_ i was terribly surprised by the lack of use this update was supposed to stand for. no sd card scan, permanent notification screw_up, useless ads _even though they pay for us_ mixed in options confusing less apt people _like my 65_ y.o. parents_ and lack of user friendliness. if it allowed to revert to former interface, would be nice. at least it does the job, saving avast some face.
now includes advertisements. i wouldn't be surprised if, at some point in time, users get malware from that.
the firewall feature is removed in the latest version update of avast. pleasr bring it back since the firewall feature is very useful in blocking ads and unwanted internet connections in apps
this was my favourite mobile security app until it was newly updated. many features were removed, and ads were integrated into the app and well.... the previous version was way better
as noted by others, the firewall feature has been removed in this update. this was the key feature for me, so i'll probably revert to the old version. also the ads are both uncalled for visually displeasing. consider removing them and finding other monetisation options.
liked it until it was plagued by advertisements and the ui was dumbed down.
i have a paying subscription for this... i _should not_ be getting advertizements for 3rd party products every time i run a scan of something _my machine or my wifi_. get rid of those ads for paying customers... please_
i have a paying subscription for this... i _should not_ be getting advertizements for 3rd party products every time i run a scan of something _my machine or my wifi_. get rid of those ads for paying customers... please_
i'm not sure about the difference between free and paid version anymore. mobile backup and restore is no longer available as well as firewall. after doing a scan device i'm getting ads to install other app. this is horrible. it keeps getting worst than better. i'm thinking of cancelling my subscription if you will not fix this.
as i've subscribed to your service, i don't think i should have to see additional ads. also the persistent wifi check notification is really annoying.
when i first downloaded i felt scarface you know, all these ads like mosquitoes no one wants them around..coz they all mushy mushy.. thanks to to this antivirus...
does this app do anything beyond plug and advertise for other apps_ had a redirect virus that it didn't get rid of, but i am now well aware of every other avast app on the market.
i'm not at all convinced by the latest version of an app i have previously been very, very happy with. it feels more like a joke now than a serious security app, with its bouncing graphics and sunny hills background. i'm sure the virus scanner doesn't work properly any more because it used to take several minutes and tell me that tens of thousands of files had been scanned_ now it takes one minute, scans just over 4,000 files, gives up, says everything is fine and thrusts a huge advert in my face. poor.
those of you complaining about the constant notifications, avast have changed their monetization strategy and now offer all pro features for free at the cost of spamming you with adverts, the notifications are designed to get you into the app and help boost their ad revenue so don't expect this to be _fixed_ anytime soon as it is quite deliberate. personally i would prefer a one time payment without any of this bs. also the wifi  scan _feature_ constantly crashes on my galaxy note 10.1
those of you complaining about the constant notifications, avast have changed their monetization strategy and now offer all pro features for free at the cost of spamming you with adverts, the notifications are designed to get you into the app and help boost their ad revenue so don't expect this to be _fixed_ anytime soon as it is quite deliberate. personally i would prefer a one time payment without any of this bs. also the wifi  scan _feature_ constantly crashes on my galaxy note 10.1
not excellent.   now only stopped unwanted phone call not blocked unwanted sms. a estate agent daily receiving unwanted advertising ad sms.
not excellent.   now only stopped unwanted phone call not blocked unwanted sms. a estate agent daily receiving unwanted advertising ad sms.
the most terrible update i've ever seen. removed a really useful feature like the firewall, to make the spy that sniff your wifi pass without option to disable. who knows where the pass for my router is sent_ if we have in mind that some time ago they advertised an app with wifi pass database, we can assume where they are send. this app from antivirus become a virus removing it_
too many ads pop up in the app. is there not an ad free version_ i am paying a yearly subscription.
not excellent.   now only stopped unwanted phone call not blocked unwanted sms. a estate agent daily receiving unwanted advertising ad sms.
not excellent.   now only stopped unwanted phone call not blocked unwanted sms. a estate agent daily receiving unwanted advertising ad sms.
great_  very useful and this application hies a lot of protection and not many ads and one of the best pars is it's free_
noticed, since the last upgrade, you've added more ads, also you have deleted the option to erase the events. and with the new upgrade, does your app. also scan my s.d. card as well_. hopefully with the new upgrade it hasn't changed the web, and antivirus protection. also i activated the community setting in my avast acct. and it didn't give me the bounus points.
don't update... missing firewall and plus many ads _ what happen avast_
i've been pretty happy with avast for a while, but the last update removed a lot of things i liked about the app. the scanner used to give detailed real time information about what it was doing, now it just says _scanning apps_ which is rather frustrating. external storage scanning is also nowhere to be seen now, which is a big no_no for me. it's sad to see a company that can produce a quality product replace the features of its app with flowery images and banner ads.
why did i pay a subscription for ad's_  when its now free, feel very ripped off, will not renew this or my pc licence. avg here i come_ did not want, ask or get told about your access to your vpn, i use hotspot shield. frankly poor communication with your subscribers. you happily took my money for a paid service you no longer offer. a pro rata refund would have been better than a half assed offer. this is one customer who won't be returning to be ripped off_ did not want nor need your vpn, no consultation or notice with subscribers total scam.
i'm not happy with this new update. as soon as the new update downloaded i got a notification to run my _first_ scan. i've scanned my phone many times, including just a couple days ago. and this notification could not be dismissed_ the only way to clear it was to immediately run a scan. and now the scanning screen shows a silly cartoon of hills with symbols popping up behind them. and after this scan, i got another unclearable notification to _scan_ my wifi. also ads are now more intrusive.
i have used avast for as long as i can remember on my home pc and mobile and found it clear and easy to use with unrivalled protection. after the latest update it feels like i'm watching a children's cartoon while doing a scan with cartoon green hill's and captions popping up from behind them. i now have no idea which apps or files it's scanning. and there's now pop up ads. i just hope the excellent protection has remained the same. i will award more star's after using for a while.
why did i pay a subscription for ad's_  when its now free, feel very ripped off, will not renew this or my pc licence. avg here i come_ did not want, ask or get told about your access to your vpn, i use hotspot shield. frankly poor communication with your subscribers. you happily took my money for a paid service you no longer offer. a pro rata refund would have been better than a half assed offer. this is one customer who won't be returning to be ripped off_
why did i pay a subscription for ad's_  when its now free, feel very ripped off, will not renew this or my pc licence. avg here i come_ did not want, ask or get told about your access to your vpn, i use hotspot shield. frankly poor communication with your subscribers. a pro rata refund would have been better than a half assed offer. this is one customer who won't be returning.
does what it says on the tin, free and not with over intrusive adverts or sales pitches. never leave home without it
you guys_developers_ think that the new update is nice... let me tell you, it is not. taking away so many features is bound to make people find an alternative. while the ads are not annoying, what the heck is with the stupid design. i want an antivirus, not an app for 3 year olds.
works as advertised. i have it on all of my devices.
review by chas. i have only given this 3 stars instead of 5 due to the annoying advertising  pop_ups. you would expect that if you buy a piece of software it frees you from said advertising but alas this is not the case, perhaps someone will tell me how to switch them off, shame nice program but i do not need to add any additional item's or games_
since i uninstalled it the issue i had with my phone periodically hanging on a daily basis which got on my nerves has disappeared. i have a samsung galaxy a3 running on kitkat. i suspected it was the avast software causing the hanging even after ensuring that unnecessary scans were not scheduled. i had no such problems with the paid for software on my laptop. i am now happily using avg on my phone. i have ads present occasionally when i unlock my screen. i don't know the cause but avast didn't stop them.
i was impressed with avast products when i discovered them. been using with great success until now. the lack of certain features and the rediculous _teletubbies_ ui has caused me to find another set of tools to maintain my device. and the ads, which i, as well as a lot of people, will not tolerate. i would have paid for the entire avast product line, but the direction this developer is taking doesn't make that an option anymore. black_grey_orange_serious version was awesome. now this is junk. stupid.
plenty of features, free mobile security. i think that having to look at a few ads is a small price to pay when you get this kind of service.
love this app. avast offers peace of mind and the free version has more thorough options than most free security apps. i can deal with a few ads.
new ui has no features app locking can no longer be scheduled and adverts just take the p_.  i'd expect this from the free version, but not a premium version _ have uninstalled and will cancel subscription.  i have paid for a year's premium avast and i am still receiving adverts and less functionality.  i think it's time to find an  alternative antivirus solution for the department if this is an example of how avast treat their paying customers.
edit ... i just discovered afwall_ firewall which is similar to avast firewall but has way more features.  i will continue to use avast antivirus just for the _peace of mind_ _ not that i truly need it. but, if i am forced to download a new avast version with intrusive ads with no paid, professional or subscription option, i will stop using avast all together.
edit ... i just discovered afwall_ firewall which is similar to avast firewall but has way more features.  i will continue to use avast antivirus just for the _peace of mind_ _ not that i truly need it. but, if i am forced to download a new avast version with intrusive ads with no paid, professional or subscription option, i will stop using avast all together.
the old version was nice, i felt my device was protected and the ui was easily navigated. now the app is plagued with ads, the persistent notification is gone, as well as the auto_scan feature, i don't see the option to choose which files to be scanned.... not to mention the stupid teletubbies looking animation that dances around my screen when a scan is in progress. oh and why the heck is the data_leech option suddenly enabled_ i dont want you leeching my data. that's why i opted out_ this app _
it just works, as advertised_
new ui has no features app locking can no longer be scheduled and adverts just take the p_.  i'd expect this from the free version, but not a premium version _ have uninstalled and will cancel subscription.
this is a great app, but there are ads and i paid for premium. this is unacceptable.  please note the firewall is now in a secondary option window. also there is a scheduled scan available.   i still have issues with my firewall turning off at times.
why add call blocking, device cleanup, a multitude of annoying ads, continuous notifications and a confusing childish display and interface that goes against every one of google's guidelines_ i can only guess that this is to make your customers leave... here's some ideas_ 1. read and actually follow the material design guidelines. 2. make antivirus app only. 3. make other app that does all that other crap. 4. only notify if there is a problem and not all the time_ 5. option to autoscan new connected wifi
it's great and easy to use app and finally feeling safe from ads and other threats..
do not update_ firewall functionality has been taken away. the app is now free to use but the trade off is adverts plastered everywhere. it looks ugly, it feels like they have dumb down the ui _colourful imagery during a scan instead of useful information_. i'm on the hunt for an antivirus i don't mind giving a little money to for a premium experience.
ad vast has always found virus and blocks a lot of bad programs trying to get though my firewall. i couldn't live with out them.
used to be awesome by miles. but now they've not just changed the user interface _which is indeed more user friendly_...but they have removed one of the most important features for premium users. the firewall for rooted phones_ i paid good money for all the features. i used the firewall to block apps that kept pushing unwanted ads. now this feature is gone_ so you lost 2 stars_
i love avast. pls prevent all unwanted uninvited ads and advertisements. thanks.
i love avast. pls prevent all unwanted uninvited ads and advertisements. thanks.
i love this little app, but what you done to the interface. it's like some kiddies app, from the bloody teletubbies_. unless you change it back, i'll look for something else_. teletubbies indeed. in answer to your reply ... that's fine then... no wonder companies go out the game. it's un's like this that no fount cause's it. oh you may subtract 1 star for those ad's too.
reduced functionality and increased intrusive ads _
i was a subscribing customer, my license does not run out until april 2016. you cancelled my subscription and updated me with this crap. adverts,adverts, even when i am using other apps your suck ads keep popping up with inappropriate contents. i have a child in the house, your suck ads...what is going on.
i was a subscribing customer, my license does not run out until april 2016. you cancelled my subscription and updated me with this crap. adverts,adverts, even when i am using other apps your suck ads keep popping up with inappropriate contents. i have a child in the house, your suck ads...what is going on.
bad ui, less features, less sophisticated and less options.  firewall is gone. ads. going to uninstall if this keep going. re reply_ thanks for the heads up and i am switching to another provider not because of the ads but because of the less control and options.  also, the app now feels like a child app.
as others have noted the new interface sucks and has dodgy ads to boot. will be looking for a new av app.
bad ui, less features, less sophisticated and less options.  firewall is gone. ads. going to uninstall if this keep going.
no automatic scan schedule any more_ wtf. yeah, like i'm gonna remember to scan myself. i performed the new wifi scan and after i finished some x_rated dating advert from a place called 'badoo' neatly slid up my screen. this is the first time i ever saw malware actually incorporated into a security product. i don't mind adverts in free products but there's enough naked women on the net i can find without avast sending them to me. you ought to be ashamed of yourselves_ and where the f's that 4x1 widget gone_
i was totally free from the access of useless ads.... and viruses
always a go_to antivirus but lately disappointed that they're pushing unwanted extra apps even with a premium sub. people pay to remove unwanted ads and that should be respected not abused once locked in. please create a way to opt out or i'll gladly opt out all the way out to another av
always a go_to antivirus but lately disappointed that they're pushing unwanted extra apps even with a premium sub. people pay to remove unwanted ads and that should be respected not abused once locked in. please create a way to opt out or i'll gladly opt out all the way out to another av
cant remove pop up ads _ i cant online bcause it pop up every 2 second. dammit _
great and trusted antivirus.  doesn't download a lot of unwanted advertisements like others do.  is also very efficient and not a resource hog
no wierd ads, working properly. that's all you need from anti_virus, right_
not as irritating as other app in terms of ads
not as advertised
the lap top was so infected with virus adverts                         had to work really fast to get the urls and block them once blocked the laptop is in great condition got it here on my phone so i don't worry about bullshit ads saying my phone is infected _from me, its got the _factor.
the lap top was so infected with virus adverts                         had to work really fast to get the urls and block them once blocked the laptop is in great condition got it here on my phone so i don't worry about bullshit ads saying my phone is infected _from me, its got the _factor.
so many ad ons go with it you spend more time setting up
internet security should b free,_ ad detector safe browsing _
i've got moto g,1st gen. whenever i switched on my phone, or took off the screen saver, i would get pop_ups on my phone. not just on my internet browser, on the phone itself. adverts would come up in front of everything. since installing this app, no pop ups at all. cautiously optimistic.
all old features that make avast unique all gone with this cheap update, no uninstall protection, firewall, not even the scan specifications_what folder or content to scan_ it really does not protects even the ui does not looks professional. i don't feel protected with it. even as a device manager to protect from factory reset does not exist with this, i don't recommend this app now on is just one of the most unused ad app, you should merge all the others apps that would make one download and avoid ads
upon re_ installing avast and using google chrome and cm browser my phone is swamped with pop_up ads these allow crap to possibly have access to my phone. i will have to reinstall adblock plus and adblock browser. the adverts come from various sites including external facebook app links. can you please install  a successful pop_up blocker _ i don't get issues like this on my old installation
upon re_ installing avast and using google chrome and cm browser my phone is swamped with pop_up ads these allow crap to possibly have access to my phone. i will have to reinstall adblock plus and adblock browser. the adverts come from various sites including external facebook app links. can you please install  a successful pop_up blocker _ i don't get issues like this on my old installation
having used this for more than a few months, this is the best antivrus ever_ no glitches. no unwanted disturbances. no ads. but does its job peacefully and effectively. well done_
the reason i installed this app was to block pop ads that i started to get lately for some odd reason. this can't  block those pop up ads.
i used to use avast on all my devices.  then they started putting avast advertising in my e_mail signature by default.  now i don't use avast on any of my devices and never will again.  some things are just too egregious to be redeemable.
does what you need with no fuss or stupid ads
works as advertised.
i've had a few ads when browsing sites like imgur lately, and whilst some reports suggest it's the website, i wanted to have peace of mind. app was quick to install and comprehensive to scan my phone. it suggested some security fixes and now i am satisfied my phone is as secure as it needs to be for now.
can u make it like a pc version pc version is better but can u get avast online sec for phone because i see ads on games and their annoying
wow ist good to use ad the best
avast works as advertised _ very satisfied
ads popping up while scanning and while writing this just like the rest of them_
my recommendation is to just download the free app if desired. do not pay for the premium app _ it does not do as advertised and they won't refund your money if dissatisfied. also, it stays active and zapps the battery and heats up the phone...thank you.
just the right app to keep those unwanted apps and ads out_ so.frustrating to delete all those_ thanks avast_
my lava iris405_ android jellybean phone is infected by virus _alarm controller_ i fully scan my mobile with this antivirus it show no virus oe nythng like that  but still my phone is infected and facing same ads problem automatically installing porn apps hola luncher etc woever has made this virus fk up die in hell...
as advertised
i got a new phone  _gs4_ and had some dodgy apps giving me pop up ads on my lockscreen. avast isolated the problem straight away.
especially when it comes to cleaning ads
doesn't take a lot of space, doesn't show pop up ads and does as it says would do in the description. thanks avast_
randomly started getting ads in my text message app. i am hoping this app found the one bug that is messing with the phone_
relentless advertising popups were too annoying.  also really slowed down the device and ate up battery. terrible app. uninstalled after 3 months of trying_enduring.
my phone affected by _alarm controller_ it shows ads for every minutes and automatically install some apps...how can i delete it...there is no option for disable or uninstall it....help me.
it completely helped the popup ads,  and brought them to a stop when nothing else would.  it would be perfect if there was some way to have the add on features stop asking to install all the time.  but great product anyway
fake...  when i installed it now there comes ad on screen and it cannot remove them
good but  its not work for ads. i download some apps and turn on it always show ads. pleas how to remove ads
quite surprised it allows phishing sites_ads to run unchecked_ it doesn't give option to block these just notify which apps have ads in them. no doubt spending more money will provide a solution to a basic issue_ so far it hasn't blocked, found any security issues and i use the web daily_ my pad is also used daily for web etc and a different app is constantly saying threat alert_ not sure if i'm protected or not_
works as advertised
talk back turns on automatically, popup ads, apps download automatically. and this antivirus doesn't detect anything
just paid for the download because my phone is full of ad malware that randomly bombs my phone with pop ups. also infected with a trojan. avast does absolutely nothing to help, it scans my phone and says no virus detected and my phone is clean. please advise how to get a refund
hopefully it's doing a good job of protecting me from virus's _hard to tell unless you actually get a virus_. on the negative side, the app sends you a barrage of intrusive adverts for the developers other apps.
i'm fedup of ad pop ups. i've found an app called alarm controller in apps list and in settings accessibility services. i don't know how they got in. i'm sure these pop ups are caused by the alarm controller only. pls help me to remove that and protect my phone from downloading such viruses.
lost advertised firewall functionally. i waited hoping it would come back in the last three releases. the persistent notification is annoying. lost customization of notifications. slicker interface which is nice but just window dressing when functionality is removed. i used to be a big fan and used to recommend this app to others.
so far, so good. only had it for a few weeks..working as advertised..
tried many antivirus, security aps and ads remover aps but finally stick with avast. avast rocks
lots of adverts
can u make an app to get rid of ads in my tab please because even i am using an app the ads occur even though i close them they occur again please make a app for getting rid of this ads
as far as i can see it does nothing but push notification ads. it won't even fix a redirect on my browser. nothing worse than having an app to fix a problem and watching the problem pop up right after a scan. with that reply in mind i suppose it has its uses it just didn't help mine. best of luck with your problems users maybe avast can help your issue
very slow and buggy, pop_up ads to install a lot of unnecessary softwares, getting worse with each update. back_ups don't happen. no firewall for un_rooted phones_ could learn a thing or two from no root firewall app. where is your _previous_ quality and performance, avast_
the app is really great. i have the premium version because i am always getting these random pop up ads on my screen every single minute. one of the _advantages_ of having the premium version is that it has an ad detector and can tell where its coming from. but for some reason i now am getting even more ads and the avast isn't doing a thing. im even getting ads when i'm on the actual app and it still doesn't recognize them. please help.
i downloaded this when pop_up adware appeared on my phone suddenly. it scans the phone and doesn't find the adware, just tells me the phone is fine and advertises for its premium services. useless, only adds more annoying adds.
as far as i can see it does nothing but push notification ads. it won't even fix a redirect on my browser. nothing worse than having an app to fix a problem and watching the problem pop up right after a scan. in my opinion it's useless
at this point of time. it is very good. i will analyze later on after getting its true performance. but certainly it seems good as there is no other unexpected advertising. thanks avast team. now it is confirmed that,it is very good app. thanks avast.
it's good ad  used it before
this junk app aint free.. scans stuff and tells you to pay if you want to even see the problems it found.. avast says _3 issues found_, you can't click on it, you can't see which apps or files are those issues, and no matter what you do _ it's just ads ads ads ads spam spam, buy pro, buy pro, give us money, be protected... well, devs, go put your app in paid section cuz it clearly aint free. each time i click anything, _buy pro version_ pops up, i barely managed to close all the popups and uninstall..
this app is confusing and should come with a tutorial .also i am almost positive that i have some type of virus on my phone but i scan it .  nothing pops up but it tells me i am secure . it is very upsetting to be interrupted by contestant ads and pop up it happens even when i'm not in an add i think it was something like add mob or something . i can't go give seconds without getting a frikin pop up i have gotton two while typing this . this virus has made my five star games go to half a star game .
since i downloaded and upgraded to premium every time i open something i have 10 different ads that pop up. please fix or i'll have to cancel and uninstall
when to add a new app today to the firewall _ come to see that the firewall has been turned off.  an application update turned off the firewall_  i'm not sure how long i was exposed or what kind of data was leaked.  this is unacceptable to me.  furthermore, the app has begin using pop up ads for it's other software which appear when you uninstall a program.  badly planned updates and spammy practices are not acceptable in a security application.
can you make an app that can detect a virus or trojan especialy if your phone or tablet is rooted because my tablet is rooted and after few days of surfing the tablet is starting to download things that i dont want to download....can you help me avast team..._ please reply on this because its annoying me especialy if im playing........coc...... to many ads that not are caming from google ads..._ this virus is making its own rule on my tablet....thx.._
i thought this would be the answer for that ad thats popping up almost every minute when i'm online, but i was wrong, after scanning, its says its okay wjen its so not, because that ad pops up literally, always _
i had popups and ad problems with my phone and this helped resolve that right away.
i have a malware virus named .walkfree and it always downloading unknown apk and display ads in non_ads app. after i delete an unknown app in my android _in this case, its 3dgallery_, the malware not appear until tonight, its appear again_ i search in internet and do the solution, and that's all not working_ i scan that malware with this app, and it says _no issues found_. please, i'll give you five stars if you can fix this, please
it help me remove the ads
it stop the ads really well so far.
i agree with scott richard, if you upgrade on your computer it advertises _free_ upgrade for your mobile
i've had no problems with pop ups, lag and ads since i installed.
works as advertised.
tried several antivirus apps and avast offered the best experience with no annoying ads. they also seem to be pretty proactive about keeping virus definitions up to date. my only request is more control over notifications. they can get a little overbearing. overall it's great app.
but it should stop the ads fix it and ill give 5 stars
i love this app_ i only downloaded it because my phone was getting about 13 ads a second_ i wasnt even on my browser_ i downloaded this and it fixed everything. it uninstalled one app and 12 files in like 10 seconds and my phone was fixed_ thank you_
i cannot get rid of malware or un wanted ads etc
i had pop up ads in chrome so i attempted using this program first. however, avast popped up more often and was more annoying than the ads. it kept saying something like, _this program scanned and is clear of viruses. click here to open the safe program._
this is by far the best security app i've downloaded. and believe me i've tried them all. and the customer service is second to none. when i first downloaded this security app there was no ads. now i noticed you've added a lot of them. your just following the other apps by adding them to fund your app.  but they really are intrusive. that's the reason for the four star review, other than that you really have a great security program. if you added an s.d. card scanner, you'd have the perfect security app.
the user interface is poorly designed, it keeps using my mobile data, and it continually keeps trying to ad more _features_ and other bloated apps that do nothing but use up memory.
i think i my tablet might have some sort of malware becuase im getting fullscreen ads everywhere. i'm scaning my tablet and its not saying anythings wrong.
sorry i had to uninstall to see if its true...  often im getting full screen pop up ads, today an full screen add wanted me to wait 5sec before closing. this is not inside apps, this is happening when i come to home screen. ads inside apps is ok but this is unacceptable, i installed adware program to find which app causing this full screen ad and it gave result that avast mobile security is showing full screen ads.  so i uninstalled avast and going to use my mobile without avast for few days to see if i still get these ads. if the ads stopped then good bye to avast if it didnt then i will surely get avast back. im using avast for like 10yrs and this is my 2nd antivirus i ever used after norton back in days. i hope avast is not the culprit im looking for.
samsung galaxy s6. recently, i have been getting a bunch of pop_up ads on my phone every time i try and go on the web or sometimes when i am going to text. online i was referred to this app and the scan said there were no viruses on my phone but i still get a bunch of pop_ups warning me that i already have a virus or that some hacker is trying to steal my information.
i use avast on my home computers ad well.  marvelous.
i not downloaded this yet. i need help... does this stop pop up adverts randomly coming onto my phone. they appear as full page when i press a message in my gmail inbox or google plus or other apps. it's happened recently but i not downloaded any apps recently but i do always update them. if anyone knows how i can get rid of this annoyance please let me know. many thanks _
great reviews and works as advertised_
i beleiieve i got a trojan or a malware virus. my phone storage shows my ad card won't connect and my in phone storage jumped up from 5.2 gigs to 7.70 gigs out of 8 and it's all unknown info. i can't delete anything that's showing up in my file manager. can avast help_
i have problem with ads_ there are so many pop_up ads every 30sec on my device_ i have factory reset my phone but it still happen_ it also pop_up my default browser as to show their website...please help me...anyway this app is good_
i've been having this very annoying and persistent ad from irulu. it's a really big banner that pops up while im playing or browsing. i can't find any solution on google or any app that can detect it. not even avast can detect it. i really hope you could fix this seemingly new kind of adware that nobody else can fix.
not blocking third party cookies or ad cookies.
but pop ups still comes out, pop ups like ads by google and game recomemdations, also done scanning but it says no virus, what should i do_ tnx
it scans new apps and my phone to make sure they are safe. safe clean keeps old data and caches cleaned up. the constant ads to upgrade are very annoying_
my chrome browser still shows a lot of pop up ads in loops and i'd have to close the tab to stop the pop ups. also when i install_update any app, this app checks it and shows a notification that the app is clean and when i clear that notification it always takes me to the app, which is very annoying.
got rid of lame ass pop up ads who in sober senses thought if this dumb idea of popping up ads i wish he_she...its veeery annoying thnx avast
installed paid update. i was warned about possible privacy violations by no other than avast itself. not very comforting. also, they have put in an advertising button right in the middle of the app for featured apps. advertising in a paid app_ not impressed. also, when i check for the privacy violations, it does not give me any information, but  returns me to the app interface. this is true with any notification. it does not give you any information. for instance if it finds ex about an app i've installed i could not get any details. there is no way to find out what the problem really is. i pay monthly for the service, but i think i will cancel.... also i just found out that norton antivirus flags this app as medium risk with warning of personal data shared
the app works. don't go by the rate that has the pop ups ads, because that's not a virus that's just how other free apps work. you'll get ads unless you pay for no ads that's how they get you. so unless your talking about straight to your home screen then yeah that's a virus. this is a good app better then i had before, because i got a virus and it didn't say i had one this one actually warns me of one.
well thought out, plenty of features and works well. lost a few stars as has simple errors like being unable to select roaming in firewall as the roam select is under the slider on the right of page. come on. did anyone check_ update_ subscription cancelled as you still sending adverts.
i have malware, virus or something on my phone that keeps bring up browser ads. this app did not detect the problem and just says my device is clean. bunch of b.s. dont waste you're time with it.
i pay for this and it's forcing ads down my throat. i will be cancelling my subscription if this doesn't stop_
best on pc, mac and android. my devices never suffered any _injuries_ so far _ no lame ads, and free of charge_ this is the way to go. ty very much_ will try to spend ssome money as soon as i have it available _d
why found only 1_ there many ads popup
i got a virus that gave me a bunch of ads then i downloaded this and got rid of it
i've only but i have only been using it for about 4 weeks, but so far it hasn't made a nuisance of itself by interfering with my normal usage or prompts for ratings or advertising. it uses significantly less storage space than avg, which i was using before. it's been pretty light on data too, and hasn't noticeably slowed down my device. i actually can't complain at all, but as is the case with all free software, i'm just waiting for the other foot to drop.
i used to have a pop up ad virus now i dont it also found a trogan and it was killing it with fire xd thanks_
too many notifications and so little protection. i upgraded especially for because i was getting lots of pop up ads and nothing. i had to figure out which app was causing pop ups on my own.
there were _teaser_ ads where some collected information was unavailable unless i would go to premium.  there was no other way to view that information.  i find that unacceptable and offensive.  it leaves me uncertain about using the app, since i don't know whether something i try will run into this foolish advertising ploy.  a tool that stops working unpredictably is worse than no tool at all.  i uninstalled this app, and two others by avast.  i'll find an app that will tell me up front if they're going to withhold information.
there were _teaser_ ads where some collected information was unavailable unless i would go to premium.  there was no other way to view that information.  i find that unacceptable and offensive.  it leaves me uncertain about using the app, since i don't know whether something i try will run into this foolish advertising ploy.  a tool that stops working unpredictably is worse than no tool at all.  i uninstalled this app, and two others by avast.  i'll find an app that will tell me up front if they're going to withhold information.
make ad blocked please.
the only honest app so far. the others keep running ads on my s3
i had ads popping up these few days on my phone in the home screen and i suspected that this app was doing all these but i could not uninstall it. thanks to this app, it helped me uninstall and the ads stopped_ a big sincere thank you
everybody says there are lots of ads but there isn't this app is the best
i installed this on my g2 and had no real results. phone was still slow and i was still getting unwanted ads. looking for something else.
i have downloaded the premium version so i can remove this virus which pop_up ads randomly. but avast scan doesn't seem to clean the virus. it says no issues found but i still have the same problem
even after purchasing _subscribing_ i have to put up with ads when i do anything. also, needed support to use the anti theft tool to find my phone and could not get assistance, even after submitting an 'urgent' ticket. would recommend avira over this.
i've stuck with avast for a long time until recently when i noticed that they've become more spammy than usual. yes it's free but please don't bury us with ads. i'll reconsider going back to avast_ next time but for now i'm using something else for malware protection.
i get all the upselling. that's fine, it's a free app and has no ads, but why does dismissing a notification open it_ quite annoying.
everytime i sign in there is an advertisement in the status bar for more avast apps. the only reason they have 5 star rating is app either lets you give a 5 star rating or send the email. that is only two options.
works as advertised. i also use their desktop version for my pc.
i had a virus that bugged me with stupid ads and know it's gone thank u very much i recommend this app to everyone _
too much ads
i installed avast and i still keep getting pop up ads from the play store. i don't know what to do next, it's so aggravating.
i've stuck with avast for a long time until recently when i noticed that they've become more spammy than usual. yeah i know it's free but please don't bury us with ads. i'll reconsider going back to avast_ next time but for now i'm using something else for malware protection.
i've stuck with avast for a long time until recently when i noticed that they've become more spammy than usual. yeah i know it's free but please don't bury us with ads.
annoying banners and ads despite premium membership. repeated emails sent to developer came back with reassurance of soon fixes but there has been none over 2 weeks.  will switch to lookout after subscription ends.
i got an issue in my mobile any time on my mobile popup an advertisements so i have installed this application but it also can not resolve my problems i think teem develops this app and make for resolution for my issue .
its cool, but it usually ran down my battery and ads were popping up. hope this helps. also the notifications need to be fixed.. thanks_
why do i have to suffer promotional ads for other apps when i am paying for this app_  i can see that happening when using the free version.  avast needs to fix this or i won't be using their services next time_
thank you avast, for creating such a great security app. used to have clean master, kept overheating my device. did the a.v. research and you scored pretty high. just having issues with the notification bar. but i can see your working on that. fix this small issue and i'll rate the full five stars. also would like to thank you for keeping it free of charge, and free of annoying ads. being a disabled veteran, on a limited budget. again i thank you. s.s.g. raymond may.
can be better without the false advertisements.
this app has done what it advertised
i wish you could scan those critters ads and delete them in my phone.
can be better without the false advertisements
i got too many ads on my phone so that i installed avast but the ads are still showing....don't know what it scans....
but doesn't seem to do anything else. didnt even pickup the dnsunlocker crap i have injecting ads in my browser.
the best in this field, small size i, low memory used, not a power intensive, good function and free.  the problem _  didn't block ads, i open a link _ browser stop and open another advertise link _ i used a lot of browser with the same problem _ i scanned my phone with avast but it said i'm save.
the best in this field, small size i, low memory used, not a power intensive, good function and free.  the problem _  didn't block ads, i open a link _ browser stop and open another advertise link _ i used a lot of browser with the same problem _ i scanned my phone with avast but it said i'm save.
the best in this field, small size in internal memory, low memory used in background, good function and free.  the problem _  didn't block ads, i open a link _ browser stop and open another advertise link _ i used a lot of browser with the same problem _ i scanned my phone with avast but it said i'm save.
the best in this field, small size in internal memory, low memory used in background, good function and free.  the problem _  didn't block ads, i open a link _ browser stop and open another advertise link _ i used a lot of browser with the same problem _ i scanned my phone with avast but it said i'm save.
avast please consider putting advertisements blocker.
this app is amazing_ ever since i notice the random pop up ads on my phone, i tried many antivirus app to find the source of problem, but all of them claimed that my phone is clean and safe, until i tried this one and finally find the source and remove my pop up ads problem, thank you_
found pop up ads virus and resolved it. thank you_
less ads than other scanning apps there is. no nonsense stuff.
i have had an issue for a while where i had these ads pop up on my home screen all the time. i did a scan and it detected it, and removed it from my system_ thanks sooooo much
best google ads blocker and unwanted apps install are block easily
i will give even ten stars if you create an app that can kill ads and auto downloading apps
this is one of the best apps i have ever used. my phone is now even faster than it was when i first used it. i also have no pop ads. a special thanks if you keep it up. thanks avast software_
free my as you have to buy phone insurance, just got the 3day notice, free is free not get this free if you buy this thing here. false advertising, bait _ switch, what ever you want to call it. a complaint will be filed with the fcc, consumer protect agency today,
i love avast_ as a person who is careless and constantly getting viruses, avast is really good at protecting you and getting rid of viruses you already have. it helped me get rid of viruses on my laptop and phone. avast is always my go to antivirus. it works wayy better than other free antiviruses and has way less ads. i really recommend avast antivirus_
at this point of time. it is very good. i will analyze later on after getting its true performance. but certainly it seems good as there is no other unexpected advertising. thanks avast team. now it is confirmed that,it is very good app. thanks avast.
if a feature doesn't work, dont advertise the feature. the remote sms lock has never sent the sms and ive been waiting 3 hours for it to send. ive tried it on 3 separate phones and it never sends. pretty lame.
great app for cleaning up ads
full invasive screen  adverts on home screen. otherwise, ok.
great app, i've never had any terrible problems. wish there was a way to block ads on sites. also keep getting redirected to the play store at random times _not even touching the phone sometimes_ since the update and ran a couple scans and found nothing.
hi some body please fix my problem that i have a lot of ads on my phone from which i am tired pleased give me some advise that what to do and what not to do
but why now you can't block disgusting ads on app like before_
did what it advertised it would do. sucess_
3 days ago in frequent seeing ads in my android i thougt is something else not a virus or as provider but now avast found it and i successfully uninstalled it.
its free its the best anti virus software and if u download avast clean up which is also free u can save a lot of space  but please allow it to block ads if there is a way please tell me because these click ads are annoying as hell
i got 3 ads as it scanned, and after it didnt even detect them...
so far all good.  early days but it's definately working hard.  annoying ads have disappeared.  my mobile is running smoothly.  thankyou.
had thought this app along with others had started deploying intrusive advertisements when in fact it was wallpaper hd premium after the release of a dodgy update. this app is brilliant and works perfectly.
there are play store ads about games popping out in my android phone, but i didnt press any thing. i would like to ask what has happened to my phone. i scanned the phone but no risky files were found.
i had theses ads that kept popping up anywhere. i tried deleting most of my apps but the ads stayed. i tried installing virus removers but none of them worked until i downloaded this app. really helpful_
my phone keeps on pop up with ads i dont really like. i used avast and my problem solve. auto install app was prevented by turning off the installation of apps from unknown sources which is i didnt expect that is the problem.
in my time with smart phones i've only seen one or two alerts regarding potential viruses... in my time using this... i've seen advertisement after advertisement to buy their products and to tell me they have scanned stuff without issue. look. i expect you to shutup and do your job. tell me when something is wrong, not when it's right.
is it me or has this app starting deploying intrusive advertisements
no problem this time. am waiting if any ads shows up and will uninstall . hate ads and spyware.
simply amazing. the avast name we have learned to trust and love is now in mobile, and without gimmicky useless features and undesired ads. kudos to avast. you've been protecting my pc for over 15 years and now protecting my hand devices.
blocked all internet malwares and irritating pop up ads
works as advertised
all ads has been gone when i use avast
i ran into the whole, phone slowing to a crwl an pop up ads, and avast scan found a trojan and got it off immediately_
after fed up of installing and uninstalling all the commercial malware removal apps ie, norton, avira, mcfee, avg, etc, which are all rubbish in my opinion because they're full of ads and bull_ but.. this app is the best it offers a lot for your phone in protecting it and it's a shining 5 out 5. i highly recommend this app _ _ i'm very pleased  _ _
paid for this product to have an all in one solution without advertisement etc. but avast keeps suggesting more avast product i should buy.... i don't like this in paid software_
the app appears to work fine but i can't stand the constant bombardment of ads trying to get me to upgrade. i uninstalled it.
absolutely love avast _ made my phone so much better and trendy. the app is very simple, it does what you want with almost no advertisement or no advertisement. but yeah download it it will beat all antiviruses out there.
works as advertised.
pop up ads aren't cool. uninstalled.
great app.  works as advertised and does it very well.  i really just used this  for firewall feature but uninstalled in favor of afwall_.  _better ui_  id still always recommend avast for most users.
secured without ads on av apps.
too many ads and promotions stuff now. used to be good. switching back to bitdefender.
it solved the problem i just needed it to solve...kept getting ad pop ups on ma android phone but it handled it. cool app.
i know i have malware. i keep getting pop up ads to games...etc. ran scan after updating and it found nothing.
my phone kept popping adverts up every time i unlocked my phone. after running this app it's stopped.  perfect_
i have installed avast and it gives alerts like _com.android.google_ and  _com.nb.superuser_ is a trojan horse or malware, and recommends to unistall. i have restored my phone to factory settings _reset it_, but still the problem is not solved. i recieve unwanted ads, and applications are installed without me permission and wifi remains on even if i turn it off. please help_
at this point of time. it is very good. i will analyze later on after getting its true performance. but certainly it seems good as there is no other unexpected advertising. thanks avast team.
i have installed avast and it gives alerts like _com.android.google_ and  _com.nb.superuser_ is a trojan horse or malware, and recommends to unistall. i have restored my phone to factory settings _reset it_, but still the problem is not solved. i recieve unwanted ads, and applications are installed without me permission. please help_
wonderful i always used clean master but they fillled my tablet up with junk and had ads  but this doesn't it's great and works better
if only they can get rid of those unwanted ads that appear in the bottow whenever i use viber,wechat,tinder,line and linepop_ it sucks_ it keeps me from using send button_
i'd have given all the 5 if it could block ads
good rid of pop ads. great
i have an app that keeps spamming my daughters tablets drop down bar. some ads are inappropriate. i thought this app would be able to find and get rid of whatever it is from but it doesn't. it scans and doesn't find anything wrong. everything else says its doing what it says its doing but no way to know if it is effective.
just as advertised.
so i removed cm security because of wasteful ads, but now i see that avast security builds an activity log. regardless of it being kept to 500 items, is too much to add a setting to enable_disable the log, or better yet, to allow the poor user to specify the max number of lines_
works as advertised
i love it, it's such a good protector, ad blocker, anti theft it everything you need. i would suggest everyone to have this on their phone_tablet. jut awesome avast thanks for protecting my both my phone and tab
ad links showing ur system has virus open up..  i know these are fake links but avast should block these unnecessary links
too many adverts and in_app purchases
it found but couldnt delete annoing ad virus. just force stopping it_
customize pin for each application, no ads, suggestion for security reason, and for a free thing those are quite superb
i downloaded this app. because i have been having my chrome browser open up a new tab with spam advertising every 3 to 5 times i open my phone. i think kik messenger may be the culprit but i use it daily to communicate with people. i installed this believing it would find the app that's doing this and block the sporadic advertising. it _scanned_ every app and didn't find anything. hasn't stopped it. either i misread what this does or it just doesn't work. uninstalled. bonus, it takes up huge mgs of space.
but i still have ad pop ups on my phone that won't go away. i've deleted all of my recently installed apps that might have caused it and i'm still dealing with a virus that pulls up my web browser and takes me to an ad.
avast has never let me down on my pc or android. highly recommended this app. all those having issues, maybe buy a quality phone. it works fine and as advertised on my s4 and note 3.
great app.  works as advertised
constant ads for unnecessary services. clear ram pop ups_ are you serious_ avast is awesome on pc, but this app is all about getting your money. it's a pile of crap.
it works as advertised, doesn't hog resources and the price is right.
gives me reassurance.  not as quick as some but has great reviews by technical sites. so as long as a great rating i will keep using. all great so far and no annoying ads or pop ups. ive paid for this service on my laptop,but its getting annoying asking to buy more security to clean my pc_. will move again when time comes. ive paid you_ when do these companies think we should pay more again_. very, very cheeky_.
recently advertisement kept popping out everytime i unlog my screen. it was malware according to internet resources. now got this downloaded and true enough, 2 problems found and fixes.
there is a virus affected in my phone known as your ad exchange it navigates to a malicious ad url whenever i browse any url except google. even it occurs in all the internal web browsers of all  applications. it's very frustrating,  i tried many antivirus tool to get rid of that but no use. i believe avast please help me in resolving this. i will give 5 stars
i didn't catch any virus till this day so i guess it works.  but it would be better if it could block ads and pop ups
works as advertised, at least on my phone _htc one_. fast and reliable all file_app scan. some times general_upgrade to premium notifications become a bit cumbersome which is the reason for a star reduction.
i scanned my device because my homepage kept on changing and ads popped up in every app, but even after i scan it and it says it's safe, the ads still pop up and my homepage still changes. i recently installed an app called cocoppa to customize my shortcut icons on my homescreen, and when i clicked on the customized icon, the different homepage opens up on a different tab. but when i use the default icon, it doesn't change at all. please help_
i first installed it half heartily after a friend recommended it. but now i have it on all my devices and works absolutely better than advertised. i can surf the web with the vpn and scan daily with no problem. i would definitely recommend this for anyone looking for something to keep their devices safe and secure.
very thorough_ works as advertised.
popup unwanted ads, not blocked as promised in premium.
this app help me from ad spreading when i'm using my phone.
i like this app coz the ads in my phone was remove
have found nothing. my phone is still showing ads.
just ok for me. does many things ad free app. more grease to ur elbow.
had a stupid pop_up ad that showed up when launching and during use of other apps. i tried several virus_malware removal apps to no avail, but this one nailed it on first run. _it was vk messenger, btw._
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive advertising banner that appears when you unlock the screen on your phone or pc, to put like and get more money_ currency in euros_ when become lead _olegon74_ and start earning_
globe mobile app, where you can make money, and in evro..prosto see ad .. register under me mencha
easy to use, and no ad banner. great work_ _
firewall does not block anything. when adding a app to be blocked it still let's app acess internet when using app. tested on internet browser was still able to acess internet. tested on games ads still show. please fix im not paying 1.99 for nothing _lg g3 lollipop tmobile_
not heavy on system. interface is good. user friendly. all the features  are working. no un necessary advertising. cool application to have on mobile device running on android
very good anti virus...free and no advertisement.. believe me its the best..use it friends
one thing_  when notification icon is enabled it shows info box on lock screen _on lollipop lg g3_ fix_ _ also its nice that you can block apps from accessing internet with the firewall _need root for this btw_,  helps block ads and annoying pop ups that want you to buy stuff.
earnings in euro _ subscribe to globe mobile. join ovc2005.nichego team deal_ just close the advertising window on your phone or pc. during registration enter ovc2005 name. the best and easiest earnings _
please add some functions with root like ad remover.
switched from clean master _ cm browsing to this and appears slightly more fluent with less advertising which always a plus
i have used avast on my pcs off and on since before they ditched the pirate theme. it makes me sad that i now have to ditch it on both my pcs and my phone. it's too bloated and full of ads on both. stop with all the privacy alert scare tactics, which tell me i have to upgrade before i cab know what terrible things my other apps are doing. perhaps if you helped me without showing down my phone and computer i'd actually want to give you money.
did some research and avast security kept coming up as a top rated security app. so i'll give it a chance. have it on my phone and tablet. like the features. used to have c.m. security, but it was full of baggage. it claimed to be free, they make there income on all the ads and baggage. clogged up my phone. it seems like they care more about profit instead of security. after a while if avast, keeps it's promises i'll come back and rate higher. thank you._
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive ads that appear when you unlock the screen, becoming the like and get more money_ currency in euros_ during registration enter_ antonov13 and start earning_
please some functions with root like ad remover.
been an avast customer for about 4 years and never had an issue before until the recent updates. the app lock can get buggy at times. they need to make the privacy advisor separate from the main scanning, cause it does slow down not only the app updating process, but it slows down the overall performance of the phone. i will say though that privacy advisor did help save my phone from apps that were accessing information and files that they were not supposed to go into and from notification bar ads.
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive ads that appear when you unlock the screen, becoming the like and get more money_ currency in euros_ during registration enter_ antonov13 and start earning_
so far works as advertised
do you want to make money on the phone and netolko_ download prillozhenie with play market_ advertapp, enter invitation code_ 9m2xm and get me immediately 3 rubles. check all, only this brings money _ it's simple, ustanavlivaesh application vypolnyaesh not challenging assignments and poluchaesh real money. i wish you all good luck _
i love all the avast programs. they do exactly what their supposed to, no unnecessary add one or ads. _
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive ads that appear when you unlock the screen, becoming the like and get more money_ currency in euros_ during registration enter_ antonov13 and start earning_
this works as advertised.  i haven't detected any performance impact.
i love that this app does it job effectively.  it does not hassle about other security products and ads. excellent app. have had no problems.
best for mobile work good should ad more sensitive so catch_up virus property
so far this antivirus is very good, the free version has many features and it has minimal advertising which is awesome_ i switched to avast, previously i was using cm security which had way too many commercials and advertising. this app on the other hand is not intrusive, has minimal permissions needed, and its interface is very nice and colorful.
nice antivirus, does its job well and the ad detector and permission features in the premium version are really helpful. also has an inbuilt app locker which obliterates the requirement of another app for the same.
been using on my computer for a while not had any faults and no ads just works
this apps helps alot against virus but it doesnt block the ads on the web
avast premium put an ad for their product in the footer of my outgoing gmail without even asking first. and there is no setting to remove it. so i am paying a security company to attack my favorite apps_ shame on you.
good free ad app
no ads block pls fix it
but works better on the computer. doesn't block ads on websites
latest new feature little more than an ad for secureline, which i use. so, with secureline active it can't _test_ the network. with secureline deactivated, it claims an aes encrypted network is not encrypted and suggests secureline as the remedy. how silly. the links to router information useful if your network is completely open.
this apps is simple and nice.... if there is any function to block ads it would be help...please advice....
works as advertised.
using avast on all my pcs for many years.  android version has been great for the 2 years i've been using it.  app is packed with free features.  recent update _free version_ pops up an advertisement for avast secure line vpn every time i change wifi networks... very annoying.  can't seem to turn it off...will uninstall soon because of this.  also getting interrupted to enter my pin in the middle of typing messages as other reviewers mentioned.
you see avast most people consider pop_ups to be malware in themselves. when you start putting popup ads for your own vpn product within your antivirus software you're creating redundancy by integrating one of the very things antivirus is supposed to fight against. especially putting ads in for people like myself who bought a paid subscription to your product. remove it and i'll give five stars again.
very disappointed with the damage avast have done to this app.  the earlier version, i had nothing but praise for, but finally uninstalled it today.  the reason_  constant bombardment advertising asking me to upgrade the application to an expensive version.  for instance, this morning, i was sitting on a train _the stations platforms have wi_fi_ and every station i arrived at, i had at least 3, sometimes a lot more adverts telling me to upgrade or be reminded later.  later _ less than a second and there is no ability to ask it not to remind me again.  this is one example, but i have never had an app that is so intrusive in terms of the constant advertising of products.  shame _ it used to be exceptionally good.  just installed _cm security_ as an alternative.  cm has an unsecured network protection which comes as standard, rather than a pay_for add_on.
i was constantly getting notices that my phone has a virus. i knew it but i couldn't stop the notices from popping up. soon after i ran the scan on my phone through this app i noticed that i wasn't getting those annoying, _your phone has a virus_ ads. thank you.
when i updated avast, ads on apps i use are just gone, so does avast have an adblocker or is my phone just that outdated_
i'm getting random pop up ads on my phone to download apps and this antivirus has not detected anything_
easy to use, does as advertised, best there is_
this was my go to but recent updates have caused me to uninstall.  first,  i was in the hospital and they have unsecured wifi.  it made it unusable.  it popped up an ad wanting me to try a trial of a paid addition literally ten seconds after telling it no.  i could not use it unless i tried the trial.  so i uninstalled the app.  i have also been having phone lag issues lately despite plenty of free memory.  now that this is uninstalled the lag is gone.  it's a shame since it was wonderful.
none of the advertised premium features are shown in the app.how am i supposed to use them_
i have pop up maestro _scareware_ and and ads on my tablet. avast scan found zero problems. uninstalled. huge fan of the desktop version, very disappointed in this.
awesome, perfectly works and no ads.
the free version works just fine on my moto g. hate the pop up ads
i dont know why, though, that not all my apps are backed up. it may be that certain preprogrammed apps cant, but they shoulda told us that before u spend money on premium. also, i got a message online once that i had a virus. im not sure weather or not that was a scareware ad _probably was_. but either way, avast shoulda told me about either the real virus or the scareware ad that woulda given me malware or viruses. also i wonder if data that is only stored in apps_like progress in a game_ is backed up, too
but when an avast as started popping up everytime my screen times put, i uninstalled.  one reason people install antivirus is to prevent annoying ads. so what would make it seem like a good idea to make your antivirus software have them_
when connected to an unsecured wifi, the app constantly throws a popup to _try_ their vpn app for _free_. i don't want a vpn but there is no way to prevent the popup from appearing. ironically, this is the kind of behaviour malware and adware shows. very blatant misuse ads.
gives me reassurance.  not as quick as some but has great reviews by technical sites. so as long as a great rating i will keep using. all great so far and no annoying ads or pop ups.
i hate intrusive programs. especially an a_v program.  my definition of malware is a program that pops up offering you crap you don't want. so far avast has only one such annoyance. that's when i connect to unsecured wifi. it advertises the purchase of their vpn software. can't figure how to turn that off_
it monitors your usage without authorization and produces pop ups to get you to buy other software from the same company.  you are essentially paying for malware.  uninstall_    the app works _ so what.   it's not the only game in town.    there is a way to turn our these _notifications_ as the app calls it,  but i shouldn't have had to see it in the first place.   i paid you my money so i don't have to put up with popup ads and your unscrupulous monitoring.  furthermore, i didn't pay you to monitor other aspects of my activity, so why are you doing it_   who gave you authorization_
i like this. but it keeps asking me to buy the vpn i say no and it asks again. every day for a week now. i am going to uninstall it. do to the that pain vpn ad _
great features and ad ons... but i felt it is a bit complicated... should have been more user friendly
app is good. the 1 star rating is because every time i connect to a network an ad shows up telling me to get secureline vpn. i have found no way to turn it off. it is annoying.
hardly even notice it. no ads....
i need something that blocks ads..... _
not sure what was going on with my phone, but avast scan showed no virus. instead my battery is now draining triple speed and every app opens with an ad to install another avast product. no thanks. uninstalling.
i've used the desktop version for a while now and haven't run into a single problem since. when i noticed there was an android version i decided to give it a shot. since installing it on my phone it has protected me from 5 malicious apps i downloaded that tried to inject malicious ads in my phone. thanks for saving me time and protecting me from the headaches of stupid malicious apps avast_
i tried out other anti_virus and web protection apps, but they all had noticeable and annoying ads persistently featured.
works as advertised
app works exactly as advertised. however, could you add a feature to your call_sms filter to block blocked, unknown, or 800 numbers_
easy to use, and help to block junk ad.
works as advertised
i do knows there is virus in my mobile and it keep popping unwanted pages and ads but this av not found it then i remove this and installed cm and it do worked great.
this is the best program eve_ my computer was infested with viruses and pop up ads to the point i couldn't even open my browser without ads popping up and my friend recommended avast and downloaded it for me and i thank you avast. great to know that there are programs like yours out there .
an ad popped up saying its from the metropolitan police accusing me for copyright when i have done nothing, it froze my phone and it won't close, keeps saying that i need to pay money for my crime by giving my credit card code. this ad is the first ad that got me good, don't be fooled, it's a virus _d
beast, reliable and stable  and doesn't eat too much of your ram  and no ads. a  must download for all android devices. i would recommend this.
iv ad no problems wi it....or my s2 since i installed it
seems to be performing as advertised.
don't work still viruses getting in through my system update files making copies of browsers etc system app prebuilt  files built in this seem dodgey  and pop up ads about spy drones etc.  i'm good with viruses not one has best me in 15 yr this is beyond me.  can't even reinstall firmware via sd card won't switch on in recovery pls help i'll pay. but not through the flawed android corporate stealing market apps   _updated_ just paid for premium why cant u detect these drone banner adds  i also have two browsers built in system files  ones from android the other baidu  cant remove them because i cant root ive tried everything to have a clean install of this kitkat firmware.  if you cant help me with this or reply to this  refund pls
keeps on top of scans and passwords and safe from prying eyes. no pop ups or adverts. gr8888888
works as advertised.
_ likes_  scan apps, files, messages, and websites.  no ads.  no privacy risks.  _ dislikes_  none.  _ compares_  avg _ norton do not scan messages.  norton does not scan websites until you upgrade to paid version.  norton also missed 2 malwares in 2 games, which avg found.  however, norton found avg has privacy risks _ avg collects phone call logs and sim card details.
don't know how well it protects compared to other security apps...  but my devices have no issues so far.  no ads,  but there's heavy suggestions for upgrading to premium version.
absolutely good. memory consumption is so reasonable. not like a similar app which takes almost 20_25mb of space. a very good app. does what developer advertised. thank you.
i used the locate device and saw the building my lost nexus 5 was in. that alone jogged my memory ad to who could have the device. then,  used the send text command via web so it would notify anyone that turned it on. it all worked perfectly.
been using avast for almost a year and the product works as advertised.user_friendly,customizable,protects from real and potential threats...giving me peace of mind.
gone are those days when service providers will be harassing me with messages and adverts, thanks to avast.
this app removed all my annoying ads _
stop shoving ads for your premium products in my face.every 2nd screen or sth, and you'll get a better rating.
nice ad great ful ill use him now in start
used it. worked as advertised. a wonderful tool that be sure to let my friends know about.
just installed ad it seems awesome_  will update if my impression changes.
helped to remove irritating popup ads which no other adblock  app or anti virus managed to do.  excellent anti virus_ _
while this app is free, there are no third party ads. the only ads appear to be from the company itself. i didn't expect much from a mobile phone security, but nonetheless, this is still worth the space it takes up.
fantastic app better than the other ads full mobile slowing apps
really works_ also not bothering with ads and insisting
very good app .but i wonder how to block ads ._
needs all features for free... ill take ads if this was free. no battery drain here... no overheating either... galaxy s5.
_please also get the free malwarebytes software for anti malware protection on your mobile phone and pc. in my experience i knew either malware or a virus was present on my pc because my google crome browser had lots of unwanted pop up advertisments and also green highlighted links,which are clear signs of problems. i used the free avast antivirus software in scans on my pc and mobile phone, it did find issues on my pc which i then was able to remove, but the  unwanted pop up advertisments and also green highlighted links continued so i used the free software from malwarebytes and it found problems on my pc but none on my mobile phone. so after about 200 items were quarantined i was able to delete these and this stopped all the  unwanted pop up advertisments and also green highlighted links inside my google crome browser_
_please also get malwarebytes for antimalware protection on your mobile and pc, as virus are well known but malware changes daily. avast did not find any malware in scans on my pc it did find virus ,but malwarebytes did find malware and it allowed me to quarantine and then delete the items, which i knew were their as my google crome had lots of unwanted pop up ads or green highlighted links,which are clear signs of malware_
works as advertised_
works exactly as advertised
no annoying pop ups and ads i love it
i give this app 5 stars because ot does as advertised .... simply put it works and i never have to worry.
just works seamlessly in the background. no annoying ads.
after i got the premium going app works as advertised.
it says their is no virus detected yet every time i turn on my phone or click the time out back on it goes straight to my browser with an advertisment for dental. so i am figuring it doesn't work and uninstalling.
this outright works as advertised. it's not hype, it just works, keeping my phone and home computers safe and clean.
i feel very confident using avast on my phone. i use avast on my computer ad well.
avast has never let me down on my pc or android. highly recommended this app. all those having issues, maybe buy a quality phone. it works fine and as advertised on my s4 and note 3.
works well. scans all the apps during installation. provides lock option for all the apps and it is configurable. more over it is free without ads
nice app. works as advertised. does everything you'd expect it to and you'd never know it's there.
mother_ ad pops up when you pause the video. go _ yourself
when you pause a video to take a screenshot for example, there is no way to git rid of the ad on top of the video_ consider the idea of allowing the paused video to be ad_free for few seconds, on demand at least_
what a cheek putting ads in my video
i love this app... the only app which is work ad you expect..
i have been using this app for about 3 or 4 years. it has not created any problems to make me avoid this app. but the ads which appear on the screen while playing irritates me. and it doesn't support a few audio formats
will download and execute all sorts of ads without prior consent or notification.
6 sudden adverts in the middle of 43 minute program_ what are you thinking_ avoid_
initially i rated this app a 5 but now am rating this 1 coz there is pop up thing that comes out suggesting to install an app and doesn't go away at all. and sometimes those suggested apps automatically get downloaded. to developer _seriously_  anything for ad money . continue this tempo soon u'll initially have single stars.. and finally uninstalls
_every time i pause, some ad shows on top of the screen when i am reading the subtitle.  its extremely annoying and should be changed.  thank you_
while on network when video is played when ads comes it pause.and it is happening in every 2_5 sec.
good video player          but ads
i used to take screen shots from perfect dialogues when i watch movies with subtitle but that small advertising banner is really disturbing, vlc doesn't have that problem but i prefer the user interface of mx player, please think about it. tnx
have been using it for past 4 years but looks like developers stopped making any real big changes in the free edition and concentrating more on paid version so uninstalled this and went with vlc instead as feature it outperforms this and no ads either.
best video player app .. i wish in next version remove ad .
this player is very good but ac3 audio format is not supported n it is dissapointing. ..  ......please fix this issue ad soon as possible.....
ads when connected to wifi
too many ads...solve it
please stop the ads ,while playing videos.
fullscreen pop up ads while viewing_ uninstalled_
too much ads. just uninstall this as it is giving too much ads. giving irritation due to this.  very boring apps.
remove advertising while watching.
i tried few video players available in the play store, however i did not find any other player which is as good as this. only negative thing is advertisement when we pause the video. however this issue can be aviudwd if your phone is rooted or by some other means.
lots of ads
except of the ads this is the best video player _
check contents of advertisements you are displaying in the app
best video player. hopefully there's chromecast support in the future. ads done right and not annoying.
installed on my 5 year old's tablet to watch movies.  concern_  adverts recently started to appear.  the adverts are for dating services_  very much not appropriate.  i understand that developers have to make money _ is there a version that is advert free that i can purchase_  other than the adverts i really like this product.
mx player dnt support too many audio file formats..hvg ads as well.
i love mx player. but for some videos containing ac3 audio, i have to use vlc. fix it and i will give 5. ps_ ads sucks. please learn something from vlc.
very good, intuitive  player. i was showing video to my young daughter. one of the adverts popping up when paused was about some zombie  game _ last thing you want your young child to see when they watch carefully selected films.
good enough to be the best free video player. clever enough not to bug too much with ads.
1. ads much_   ............  ...                        2. video preview in small while doing using other apps _feature suggestion_
would be the perfect video player except for one missing feature for me, video playback speed control. this player has everything and seems to play everything smoothly as advertised but it lacks this one main feature. good but not great.
ads popping up stopping playback, didn't do this before last update, can't watch films like this
advertisement's are the biggest bad factor of this app.
awesome... remove ads on pause
remove ads i give you 5stars.
good for most things, but can't do what vlc player can do for free and without intrusive ads. why pay for an inferior product_
when freaking pause them they start the ad say that. virus scan now. please stop the ads
superb app. but this app would be still better if there was no ads
one of the first video players that actually uses touches and swipes to control the system. it just works perfectly, quietly and lets you enjoy. only shows ads during paused playback. a brilliant app.
a perfect and best video player without ads thanks
please dont let ads ruin my exciting when watching movies..
sloppy, choppy, and bloated with ads.
what damned free player show forced ads while you're watching videos...
great work by developers but please ad snapshot feature
pls remove the ads i feel if u remove the ads, it will better more than now and improve ur ratings
if not for the ads
showing the advertising on phone screen...
ek problem hai is apps  me o jab ads aate hain tho man karta hai uninstall kar du pls ads ko remove karo mx owner pls
f_cking ads
nyc job admin, with good clarity. but reduced some advertisements....
all video and audio extension supported. different colour theme. many shortcut on screen to operate easily. subtitles size, colour _ font style can change.  but it's ad version.
the player is great except it doesn't support ac3 audio files and the ads are super annoying
remove ads from free version
i'm starting to get ads the block the entire screen without any means of closing them without closes the app in its entirety
irritating coz of ads.... plzzz look at it
support for the first time in the uk and ireland and the other day and night and i am a beautiful person who is the best of luck with the latest version of the most important thing is that the information contained in this message has been a while to get the best of luck with the latest version of the most important thing is that the information contained in this email address and password for my own and do you have a good idea to advertise the same time i had to be a problem in that case i need more help w
its the best media player n its free too with no ads. thanks to the team who developed it.
dear developers. please add sbs in screen options with crop and fit to screen etc. its very important. this is the best video player. make it much better. please ad sbs
ads are just irritating. all ui is awesome. but remove ads please.
its a good player. if it has' equaliser 5 _ worth. and it plays ads while playing all vdos.
would love to get the ad free version, but the price is a bit high
how annoying there is ads that take up the whole screen , and i've been unable to view anything for 2 days now.. an seriously there half naked people in the ads , so clearly this app is no longer child safe.. very dissapointing , this was the best app of its kind. which is really sad
anyone experience auto pause for an ad during video viewing_
please remove all ads because contain dirty material.
it gives ads of other applications and automatically download it
it can play ac3 with installing codec from xda. supports almost any subtitle files without any issue. only ad is different from pro version.
irritating ads when u pass a video. hate it. uninstalling.
it's good but it have very ads. it's very bored_
why it is showing ads on while watching something_  normally it will show when we pause but something going wrong it is irritating guys_ _ pls fix it
but the ads was annyoning..
ads sucks i will give 5 stars but that's only bcz of those ugly ads
if i pay for this can i get rid of ads
1_ less because of advertising specially while playing video...
the only problem is ads.
whenever i pause the video, the ads annoyingly pop up.
what's wrong now the new update has advertising on the bottom _
nice, fluid and functions. also plays hd videos very well too. only problem  is that annoying tiny ad that appears in the video i play. im guessing the pro version doesn't  have that.
except the hot ads.
wished no ads
earlier i used to like this app. but now it is full of ads.
the advertise is bug... on play and i dont like it... but i love this software.. i must uninstall it because advertise disturbing me
so far it can play anything thrown to it. all subtitle works. con_ ad
this is an ad pop up player _
i rate it 5 star just get that advertisement gone because it always interrupt when i watch _
please fix i have bought the app long time and i can't recall when but now recently its still showing the ads...please help to rectify. many thanks
best video player on android hands down. ad free version price a little steep tho_
excellent... ads are annoying also not supporting ac3 codec
its a good player but plays ads while playing all vdos.
life was better without the ads
i hate it was always stopping in the middle because of ads
ads in mx player free version is okey,  bt the ads are adultrated which is realy bad. plz remove those ads n include ny other good ads plz. den i wil gv 5 star
used to be good but now it's rubbish ads on the screen almost all the time while your trying to watch things. takes up a good 20_ of the screen and no way to get rid of it. also noticed a lot of features missing now. no dram by dram button for one. which was always great for getting those in between facial expressions.. so yeah deleting it now..
i'll score the  paid ad free version 5 stars.
had this app for years now, but it's now pausing videos to show a small banner advert. i'll finds another player til that's changed back.
every time i've tried to use your app it tells me i have no purchases for this product or purchased the product it self. funny how the app price in google play is free _ isn't that called false advertisement _
was good before, now ads everywhere
i like the app but sometime i want to take a screen shot of the video... but the damn apps come in between... please create a screenshot button that takes it without ads in between
gud without ads..
tooo many ads plz reduce it
part of video screen is being taken by unwanted ad. no option to hide it or get rid of it. uninstalling now_
best player overall, everything works as advertised, the amount of diversity in media files that you can watch is truly impressive. interface refresh is great. only downside is still no chromecast support. forced to use avia.
ads, push and redirects
nice player buy uses push advertising which has invasive potential and connects to internet when app is not running.
using it from a very long time. new update making lags in 720p videos. which sucks. my mobile video player play 720p videos properly but mx don't. fix this huge bug. and on the screen there is ads of half naked girls. that sucks too. please remove them.
all the waste advertisement on the home page which covers screen and causes disturbance while watching videos ....pls stop this advertisement
ads distrubs me every time
has the habit of pausing and displaying ads right smack in the center of the player. while you are watching something.
the best video player buy far. would go pro if it had lots ove ads or done something different_
ads are too flashy . switching to vlc
doesn't do anything my stock video app can't do on my g4, but my stock app doesn't put ads in my way every time i pause the video. uninstalling immediately_ so keep your stupid ads and tell your bosses you lost another customer from over advertising. i used to like this app.
doesn't do anything my stock video app can't do on my g4, but my stock app doesn't put ads in my way every time i pause the video. uninstalling immediately_ so keep your stupid ads and tell your bosses you lost another customer from over advertising. i used to like this app.
adware is coming after install very bad watching in video but ad's disturb to watching to uninstall me this player
i know you have to make money, but you could at least warn everyone that ads pop up into the browser.
i've never had a problem with this app but with  the recent update the folders in the app just shrink down and the ad at the bottom of the screen takes up the rest of the screen..  fix it please and i'll rate it 5 stars..
_7 for adfree version is ridiculous. _4 is much more reasonable. i will live with ads until price is lowered. otherwise great video player.
advertisements slides down while watching video and it stops the video.
i've used this for almost a year and it always worked great. love all the features, and i didn't mind the non intrusive ads when playback was paused. however, the app now randomly opens webpages to jumpmedia. i'm now looking for an alternative to this app.
the quality was usually great but usually one of the first times you pause, theres an ad. video players shouldn't even have ads in the first place...
i think this app is perfect, however they started ads on it. that ruins it. when i pause a video to look at something in it, a ad pops up. i'd be willing to pay a dollar or whatever for an ad free version too.
there is better apps for free without ads
now ads when paused.
love everything in this app except for those annoying ads which pop up when mobile data us on _
when i use mx player it pop_up ads and when i close it again it pop_up ads i hate that it was not their before but now it is......please fix or remove the pop_up ads and in app ads it ok but full screen it annoying.....fix it then i would prefer to give 5star
please fix about advertising when video paused. thanks, developer_ _ i will give 5 stars when fixed_
its full of ads.
advertise are harrasing me and also distrubering me a lot.. make some action against it
i downloaded this app since vlc couldn't play my mkv videos and this did the job. only things that could be improved on is the removal of the ads and the feature to play videos at different playback speeds like vlc.
use this player and watch the video staring video to interrupt the ad this app...i hate this app
no support for ac3 and dts. hevc decoding is not optimized. vlc has lower hardware requirements and no ads.
this player used to be ok but with all of the extra codec packs you have to hunt for, silly. vlc is way better and always ad free. this has stopped being a media streamer and is now adware_
_your computer is infected_ suddenly this app is unexpectedly linking to a blacklisted asian malware site. malicious ads will fill your screen.. update didn't make them go away. i may upgrade to get rid of ads because i liked it, app was free and reliable. didn't want tons of extraneous personal info to install it. real shame.
but the only problem is ad
not working..lots of ads
this app always show advertisements on the screen...
you are putting advertising on top on movie_  can i call it mxplayer or advertisement player_
no thanks. 1 star boo. place ads in a better spot ffs.
it used to play .mov videosand no  longer can, now ads some full screen_ basically it
make a paid version without ads..nd i'll give 5 stars.
ad covers the page and video
firstly the new subtitles feature i am not able to find all the subtitles which i want. secondly it's very annoying when ad's start popping from above when i am watching videos. lastly it does not support all audio formats..
each time there is a dark screen in the serial _the one to put ads when it is on tv_ the player either crashes or sound disappears. also from time to time, voices are only on one channel _left one_ but the rest of sounds are ok. and that happens nit only to serials .
i was looking for a video player and i checked out this one. i was excited and i found the excitement was worth it. but the advertisement just got me to depression. if the ads are removed, i can bravely give this app 5 stars.
i was looking for a video player and i checked out this one. i was excited and i found the excitement was worth it. but the advertisement just got me to depression. if the ads are removed, i can bravely give this app 5 stars.
great app, i intend to purchase the ad free version soon, but as it stands i love this app. it intercepts most browser video links automatically, and if it doesn't, just copy the video url and use the network stream option and you're good to go_ local playback is as easy as can be too.
it have ads.how to remove this_
when pausing a video, ads block the screen. not cool
this has a lot of functions that are solid. it has multiple viewing mode with average video quality. the cons are that if you pause video ads come up. and it's not available in certain areas. other than that excellent app
no. 1 offline multi format video _ music player app choice. extremely loved _ enjoyed it. extremely recommended to all. thank you very much. more power to all your works. please support ac3 audio in ac3 videos. screen size ads pops out even if im watching movies please address these issues.
gave 5 stars always and even recommended it all these years, but its annoying to see an advert that covers the complete screen and says android party n just does not go away.  will go back to 5 stars once its cleared. otherwise anyways i have stopped using it .
the hell _ i get ads every time i pause a video.
i hate the way your started showing ads on a screen while watching movie..there are 5000 other apps too , u r not the only one video player here, that ppl will tolerate ur this buisness style..
plays almost anything i throw at it , movies with aac sound is quiet but that's the only bad thing with it. one of the few free apps where the ads aren't annoying. with an app this good they deserve the revenues they get for showing me ads
i would have given 5 _ but of advertise displayed below is frustrating _
but please stop the ads...
oonly the ads are annoying other wise app deserves 5_s.
used to be a great player, but now it has gone down hill. cannot play videos that use ac3 audio and ads now appear while watching a video when they never used to before.
ads are really annoying
i don't why you people are showing paid. paid adds means by which on just one click my balance got deducted. paid ads like_bikni babes rs.90_week_. if to show why don't you show ads by google.
it was the best player. showing ads while pausing is ok, but pausing to show ads is too much.
please remove the ads which come in between while we pause the video _
pop up ads automatic on pause now_ i scoff with disdain. some of the best pics are freeze_frame screenshots. no more sadly...uninstalling.
i never played a single video with it so i dont know how well it works, i do know i couldnt find a place to purches it and i dont like ads so i deleted it straight away.
i request mx player working team to stop those ads on the app and please fix it in the next update remaining regarding player its beautiful
this player is very good but ac3 audio format is not supported n it is dissapointing. ..  ......please fix this issue ad soon as possible.....
the ads block the screen too much i barely can see anything else _
the ads are very annoying but still good app can run any video without lag.
should control quality of ads....all dirty ads are here only...
the app is good but i hate ads in it. so iam afraid of using softs in google play.
awesome app ... please ad a widget . can i get an amen_
nice app. but the ads are so annoying _
mx player has played everything i've thrown at it admirably, that is until certain walmart ads started literally covering the play button. there's ad supported and there's advertising that breaks functionality,  mx player has just crossed that line.  5 stars for the player itself, minus 2 for having to exit and restart _sometimes more than once_ the application when it decides it's walmart time instead of movie time. edit_ the walmart ad keeps returning, you've lost another star.
mx player has played everything i've thrown at it admirably, that is until certain walmart ads started literally covering the play button. there's ad supported and there's advertising that breaks functionality,  mx player has just crossed that line.  5 stars for the player itself, minus 2 for having to exit and restart _sometimes more than once_ the application when it decides it's walmart time instead of movie time. edit_ the walmart ad keeps returning, you've lost another star.
nice apps. but the ads are so annoying _
tired of intrusive advertisements.
please remove ads when i pause the video, or at least make them appear not in the center, i need to take screenshot without stupid ads
its good bt the rubbish problem is the ad ad ad _ only ads.
hey can you remove the ads please_ i will pay for this
material design needs animation. make animated tumbnail images of video which is pleasing to eye _ remove ad inbetween video but anything outside it will do _but not inbetween video and if you want to support audio then develop integrated music player with good ui and support in it with unmatched equilizer
the ads r disturbing
best app alweys use my all ad..
thanks for putting the ads on top of the play button. now everytime i pause the video, i end up having to click the ad when i try to play it.
no ads and arguably better functionality. and it's much more user friendly, since with this player you'll definitely encounter some unsupported codecs, while performance wise it isn't something to be happy with if you are going to watch high quality movies.
best player in the store,  with terribly intrusive ads
the ads are rather annoying in the middle of video playback.  remove ads. _ samsung galaxy s6
great app, easy to operate. it does have a tendency to read some random file types as videos and auto ad them_not a big deal_. add chromecast button and 5 stars for sure.
show ads. its not wrong. but showing adult ads. is it ok_
but please remove all adult 18_ ads.
atleast ad free...dont want money for ads pls....such a shitty shit
grt player to play videos nd movies but whenevr i stop ads come on the screen its vry difficult to take screenshot
really does not matter if this works perfect or not who wants to see ads all over their video they're watching _.makes no sense
very good but ads
this app is nice, it does what it's supposed to do, would of rated it higher but the advertising on pause is slightly annoying but for a free version it's manageable.
screen goes black whn v pause d video. only d ad. shows_.. earlier it used to play the video vth audio format ac3 bt nw its its nt supported.....  strange...  plz bring back this format
literally, everything it advertise that it does, it really does. it will play some of the more obscure video files, without any issues.
i would pay for an app w_o ads. i won't use one with. uninstalled.
i've been using another video player for quite a while but advertising has made it annoying to use. i am glad it forced me to look into other options again.
what's the deal with the ads since latest update_  is this for real_ 1_7th of screen occupied by ads...  sort this out please.
everytime i pause it, an ad comes up t_t i can't get a proper view of what i'm pausing for, nor can i screenshot...
in the last update it opens random ads in the browser when you try to open the app. uninstalling
pretty good app.. would prefer ad free though
great app but pro version is too pricey only to remove ads
i use a lot of training videos as well as recorded processes and meetings.  when i pause to take notes, the video is covered by ads and i am unable to see the parts i need to write. stock player will have to do for now.
ad in the app blocking the video. do not install.
ads are showing more
this is one of the best free players around. the ads are displayed but it's placed at appropriate locations as not to be disturbing. almost like video player classic on windows _ plays almost everything smoothly. _
excelent video player but ads are innecesary
couldn't get better.. although the ads are a lil irritating..otherwise.. this is super user friendly and easy to navigate.
remove the ads please_
i cannot move the screen when i zoom in. like, i should be able to move the screen when zoomed in. too much ads makes it annoying, i cannot actually take a screenshot. fix this...
it closes everytime when i see an ad fix it
its loveable n lovely, should hv like ds, tq guys, but no advertising, pls its irritating, guys, pls fix ds 1, pls
mx player plays almost all formats of videos.. but a little bit of ads irritates..
awesome work... couldnt ask for more... just that d ads shouldnt appear while we pause d video... because we try to focus on something and we can't see it if d ads block our view
after the update, ads are being aggressively displayed. intermittently, they affect the video being displayed. forcing us to pay for pro version_ will wait for correction before i uninstall.
_the_ best player 4 free no ads no b_ everything's touch screen volume brightness play speed that's all there get it now while you can giggity giggity giggity goo_
pls reduce the ads size, just a bit. other than that, recommended app for playing videos. been using it since 2013
positive_ ac3 is supported. learn how to changed the settings.                   negative_ ads still hover after purchase and re_purchase. fix_
i use it from the begining i have android phone...got the pro before without ads
really good player, best one i've come across so far. had it on my previous phone added it to this one as well. one of the biggest downfalls with a lot of apps is the amount of access _personal information_ they require from you. this particular one though doesn't do that which is a big plus for me. there is little popup ads but i can deal with that. other than that, i'm happy with the mx player. i'm hoping the new updates don't start requesting to much.
the app is nice but u must try to make it add free advertisements interuputs while watching videos
i hope you ad the feature of controlling speed of playing , whether audio or video.
installed this on all my android devices. now it had adverts that make it completely useless. uninstalled
plz ad a slow motion feature ur apps will be rock
ads problem. ads will be shown on display when i was watching movie..make me 2 mch irritate
kindly give password lock option for it use full soooo.........this is videos 5star app for android all phones. u it ad enjoy the videos watching experience....
works awesome, but team pls ads _ac3_ audio format
full screen ad i can't remove or get  past right at start_up. can't even get to my files. nice update
worked well until kfc advert took over screen will be going to vlc....
lots of commercial advertise pop out at the video screen while watching any video
ads that charge you _ grrrrr
would give it more stars but very intrusive ads that you can't close cover the screen often, making it impossible to select a video in my library. please fix this. it used to be great_
used to love this app but i've recently been getting ads that flood my whole screen, which i'm unable to close. it's made the app unusable. i can't access or view any of my files, even if i visit the ad page. sort it out.
chromecast ad means i can't choose which files to play
i've never had a problem with this app but with  the recent update the folders in the app just shrink down and the ad at the bottom of the screen takes up the rest of the screen..  fix it please and i'll rate it 5 stars..
serially whyyy the massive advert sprawled across the menu, constantly have to force close the app. cmon now doesn't support ac3 ... really_  and now i've just lost control of the brightness control. help.
when trying to use this app an obnoxious advertisement expands to cover the whole screen. forcing me to close the app.
ad at the top of the view
is completely destroyed. the ads have taken over. covers the whole page. useless now. very disappointed.
the new ads have killed this once great app
no new movies, no live music concert videos, no adverts. some of the new tv series are alright.
it advertises as free and then after downloading it to my phone it wanted me to pay but there,is a free month though.  very misleading.
spens most of my day on netflix its on point but i wish they still ad my bigfat gypsy wedding and daybreakers
no latest release movies. no live music concert videos. no adverts. some of the new tv series are alright.
no latest release movies. surprised that there isn't a dedicated music category. ie_ live concert videos, music documentaries, etc. some of the new tv series are alright. no adverts.
really can't remember the last time a show buffered or dropped on me. they have it figured out. it's worth the money, and no ads. if only every other service could say the same
this application is very easy to work with i love it it never stops there is no advertisements and it's amazing
who doesn't like netflix_ it's one of the top entertainment apps out there right now right next to youtube, and for good reason. it's like tv, but with any episode you want on and without the ads. it has many of its own great shows as well. i'm really glad i have it, i just really wish they'd fix this bug where every time i start up a show_new episode, the volume suddenly maxes out. extremely annoying, but besides that there really aren't any other things i have to complain about.
bdhdhdhdhdjxjdjdjsgdbbxjxhxxbshsjs sixty said she ask ask ask so do do do sy sy eh has ask tree so us rj be to us rj has to us do is do us do usbc doors web is an is uv dc uv dc and jc week item sh iso yeah iso kazoo iso iso usual iso if in kb kb house horses did monk mom mom mom mom mom minimum ybsudusududhdjjdkgsvsb ensure an ad uushdhdudhdhxhxgf dj so sheens so ask do so do do vp go do sy sy chu hi by
i reinstalled this app and was able to post my ad but now it's saying i don't have any posted ads_ so frustrating_
i am really ad at netflix for removing my all time favorite show, dr. who
my only gripe is the amount of time it takes to get more recent seasons of tv shows but besides that it is worth the money, very reliable and the best part is ad free, better than hulu and amazon prime combined for sure.
i love netflix but it is always the same shows over and over. please ad on some more titles. netflix original shows_movies are the best_
this is an amazing app  no ads but you guys have to make more episodes  for the flash i watched the entire series plz make more episodes what happens to him in the black whole i gots to know i know its just a show but i really need to know
its so fun 2 watch a show without having 2 take a break because there's a advertisement on. i love shows that don't have commercials. u guys really saved my life.
i am a man they are not the intended recipient, you can also be used to be a good idea to advertise the seven deadly sins anime elizabeth naked eye on the phone. the first to review the new york city. the only thing that you can also be used to be a good idea to advertise
ads keep popping up for some reason
ad all the star wars_
take the freaking adverts out_ i click on a film and my whole device freezes an them an advert comes, and adverts pop up during films_ take them out_
need to add more seasons of csi csi ny csi miami also need to ad degrassi
my credit card was charged rs 70_ and then also rs 500_ there seems to be no free trial month as advertised. the collection is also not very good
my setup box connection is just 200rs and is better than this. price should be reduced to near around 200_250. hotstar with ads is also a best 2nd option.
not working in india in spite of all the big ads
to many ads pop up during videos please fix
no matter how many times i have reinstalled,  restarted ad cache_cleared, the error code continues to stop me from watching. please figure this out
worst than hulu and amazon prime video sucks no naruto spongebob the middle amazing world of gumball sharknado 3 i'd rather use hulu with ads that this piece of crap
its really good app, i would like to just ad all novelas and soap opera spanish_latin ones
great way to watch without ads. not a big enough selection for nz tho
finally somebody did something awesome to finish the monopoly and stupid advertising of the anachronistic channels and broadcasting networks.
there used to be a lot of really good movies and shows on it but a lot of them have been taken off, mainly my favourite shows like modernly _ which is in fact advertised above and is not on the app or website anymore. other than that i love the majority of shows and movies on it and there is a good variety to choose from.
i love how it works and it has no ads
it's way behind on many series. i only use netflix to watch anime but its really behind on episodes. i mean i would use crunchyroll but it has way too many ads. so please make some updates_ that's all i ask of you_ to make everything up_to_date_ although the movies are good but i mostly watch series_ please consider_ i really do like netflix _ it just isn't up_to_date_ for example_ there are about 2 seasons or more on fairy tail but you guys only have one season with 48 episodes_ i am a big fan of anime_
you should install it no ads at all _
lets get this straight, i love netflix, its fantastic, but for all the anime lovers out there, quit cutting off shows at the worst possible times_ more bleach, naruto and full metal alchemist brotherhood darnit_ im hooked and i prefer to watch my shows through netflix, please ad, or at least choose to end them at better times
has a lot of my favorite shows and horror movies. definitely worth paying for since there's no ads at all _ which is perfect on its own
why watch tv when theres netflix. also it goes where ever you go. and best of all no ads or commercials. how ever, i hate that heart_breaking moment when your show runs out of seasons. and you have to wait about a year for the new season to hit netflix.
how is it that you guys advertise a free trail but you still have to pay to do it
i really like that it has no ads please keep it that way
i love netflix_   why, you ask_  no commercials, no ads, captions, but only on tablets, not on tv.  i can binge watch all of the programs that are so rudely interrupted on prime time tv.
used to have hulu but this is definitely much better service no ads for a lower price than hulu plus i would definitely recommend it over the competition it's always adding content including netflix originals which only seem to be getting better and better as netflix gets more and more content partners. as for the app it's still nice there's always room for improvement but even so i would give it 5 stars since it lets me use my chromecast and streams right to it.
netflix is amazing screw the hulu ads
glad there is no ad's and cheap to use
no matter how many times i have reinstalled,  restarted ad cache_cleared, the error code continues to stop me from watching. please figure this out
used to work great... but out of nowhere it crashes everytime from my tablet and phone. i open it just to have it immediately close. very frustrated customer,  i am paying for a service that i am not getting. false advertising and they will lose my membership if netflix does not fix.
personally, great app. hands down. but the reason i didn't rate _ was because it has some flaws. for example whenever i go into the kids section there aren't old classic shows like spongebob, fairly oddparents, etc. pls fix_ secondly, netflix needs more seasons for shows like american dad and family guy. on the app, ad has 9 seasons, but it really has 11_12_ same thing with fg, 12 seasons on the app, but it really has 14 seasons_ i will rate _ if you add_ _
i love the fact that i can watch a series as fast ad i want
the best thing about it is that i'm not interrupted by ads. there is a good variety.
it's a great app when hulu had no ads i'd say netflix is gonna die
you have good shows and anime _ i am also glad you don't act like hulu and do ads.
no advertisement just movie to movies, a little slow at adding new show but this gives you time to see everything ...
this app is awesome it's no ads, you can watch it where ever you go and best of all they have so many cool movies and tv shows_
it says that you wont charge me untill after the free month trial ends but you guess just did, i just signed up and you charged my card. thats false advertising. i want the money bk on my card or else. im canceling my subscription.
best tv app eva, especially because it has no ads
not liking the new ads.
i would love it if a future netflix update would allow background play while browsing or with the screen off. i'd like to put a documentary on for the audio while browsing or turn the screen off and fall asleep.  netflix has the best app out there for video streaming but there is room for improvement. with youtube as bad as it is for ads i find myself using netflix in its place for night time audio. nothing is worse than waking up to an extra loud and long commercial while using youtube_
wish would ad few more shows i've looked for but still good selection
it performs as advertised.
this app is so great for watching films or tv shows whenever you want. they have a very good variety of different genres of films and tv shows so there is something for everyone. _ i recently deleted a lot of apps and games on my phone and this is one out of two apps _the other one is minecraft pe_ i couldn't delete. i think mabey if there was more advertisement of when new films will come on i would watch the new ones more instead of going and searching for ages. my favourite is pll and ouat._
this app seriously has no ads which is the best part. love netflix
i love netflex it can let you search and watch you fav movie for free and hulu you have to pay just to get rid of ads but they do not go away
wha ....t   the jack ads moe ha hi toe
i would like it if they would ad season 5 for once upon a time on netflix
yea no its not free if i need money on my card to subscribe to the 1 month free trial. so thank u netflix for false advertising a 1 month free trial free means free not hey heres 1 month free lets take a few dollars off ur card. so in turn im uninstalling and never using netflix again. thanks for ur time and falsely advertising free trials
why am i paying 8.99 a month to see ads pop up every two minutes_ please fix thus issue
my family is addicted to netflix_ we can use our dvd player, ps3, computer, tablet or our smart phone_like i said we're addicted_ we watch it more than cable tv. looked into hulu but hated the fact you still have to watch advertising and the shows i saw listed didn't seem to be as good as netflix. so worth the money, in fact we upgraded our account so if my 3 teenage kids were watching i didn't have to wait my turn to watch my shows_movies_ thank you netflix for providing this awesome service_
it doesnt have ads so i dont have to wait
ad a movie called fury
included the buffing no ad look the best_
it seems my netflix app for kindle has been mysteriously deleted from my device after over a year in use. now i can only use it my android phone rather than across all devices as advertised. i am, suffice to say, not amused.  netflix app developers, please explain yourselves and sort this out.
works great ad now i can have movies or shows with me_ get it_
works totally fine on my gs5. i guess i'm one of the lucky ones that netflix doesn't freeze on. i haven't had any issues with it thus far. keep up the good work netflix. in my opinion between you _ hulu, you blow hulu out of the water with movie content, bravo. however, hulu blows you out of the water with their tv content, with the download side that hulu has annoying ads. even though they have a much bigger selection of shows, you're ad free, so overall netflix is the winner in my book.
i have to get so many updates when i barely have space on my phone_ when you don't even update shows, get new shows, or more movies. there may be ads on hulu, and it may cost more, but at least they update their stuff. what do you even do with like 10 updates every year, but no new shows_
but can you guys ad the show castile
great and like on the mcdonald's advertisement on tv _i'm loving it_
can you please ad harry potter movies
ad pair of kings new episodes on fosters add supah ninjas add new episodes to walking dead or else i will delete
i am reducing my previous 5 star rating to just two star rating because the my list feature is now at the very bottom of all the an advertised shows and movies that netflix wants me to watch and on my roku i can't even find my list anymore so netflix has made my list unimportant and made their advertistment the most important component of the home page layout
stop removing movies, i watch a movie and want to watch it a month later and its gone titles such as, ali, blood and bone, never back down etc. please ad your old movies back and stop removing them
pls ad gothem and or the flash. also pls ad new episodes to arrow
casting from my phone w_ google chromecast or to my roku via this app makes this app wonderful and simple_ i see requests for hulu like tv shows next day,  but netflix _ the original series netflix puts out are the best, and that's not netflix's business model. hulu_ sucks for _7.99. hulu used to be free with ads and was fast. now it's slow w_ ads. i cancelled the free 2 week trial. go netflix _
no ads no buffering what else could u want from a tv app _
it is awesome_ shows and movies, many genres_ i recommend this to anyone who likes watching shows and movies. _ not only that, you don't have to wait to watch something, no ads and its all free. duh of course.
ads weren't  excessively in the way before. the staples ad is beyond annoyingly  in the way. love app otherwise but will be looking for an alternative for my family.
netflix service needs to ad ncis and two broke girls. and the big bang theory  would add another star for those shows.
it advertises shows on it i mean i do not want to watch this
love it but ads..
love to not be interrupted with downloading during a show oh_ or with ad breaks as short as they are when your time is limited u don't have time for that, so really enjoying it. thanks_
can you plese ad grimm im 5 years old and love grimm so can you plese ad grimm
i pay for hulu plus and still get forced to watch ads. with netflix, i can watch full series without watching one add.
since when are ads part of the app_ i pay for the subscription and yet ads pop up_ take the ads out_
never watch a comercial again tv is dead. help tv and advertisement die download now. the old movies rotate and the new movies are fresh. i've been a netflix addict for years and as long as their servers are running this is where i watch tv.
i was able to find so many of my fave movies, with no advertisements. thanks netflix_
what's up with the ads on the tablet version on the netflix app_ it's super annoying...
plz ad teen titans go
when it works it's awesome because i can stream movies as advertised. however the app has a really hard time connecting to the servers. it's not a problem with my connection because i can stream youtube video after video and watch live twitch, so it's just you netflix. wtf_
people are getting mad because their favorite t.v. shows are not on netflix. well, if you wanted the latest t.v. shows and episodes get hulu. it has ads by the way, and costs money.
could you please ad spanish subtitles_ that would be great_
i did see a brief commercial for fx yesterday that kinda blew my mind. i'm aware that some phone providers are sneaking advertisements into apps, but this seemed quite integrated into the app itself. oh well, i recently heard they were toying with the idea of original programming commercials. hopefully some of the content gets updated soon. original programming is great. i would most definitely pay more to be able to watch newer content.
i've noticed more ads that stop streaming a movie. and would like to see man v wild series again.
i been online and you have some awesome shows but can't access them on the app or playstation for some reason could you do something about this as i would really like to watch some of the shows you advertise on you web page
i cant get it to work on my phone_ it wont let me sign in... it just gives me an ad for netflix
many interesting movies missing. very few bollywood movies.ads in netflix seriously_
the entire point of buying and paying for netflix instead of hulu plus is because netflix doesn't have ads, or it used to. don't update if you don't want ads.
for one the picture keeps freezing but the audio still keeps just going on ad normal._ fix it_
amazing app and amazing netflix no more bullshit ads
it's really good got good shows and no ads or anything, but i would love some more shows.
the constant ads are ridiculous. i might as well watch netflix on another device.
quit adding junk ad add better movies and just more movies
i love this app but,you people should add empire,empire was and is the most watched show you should get that we pay to watch this you should add this then advertise it and you might get more money then i will give 5 stars _
i love netflix no commercials and no ads trying to sell stuff.
no ads please. unless you make netflix free
ad free and awesome.
i love watching shows on netflix. i wish it had the more recent shows but its cool. there are no ads in between episodes and stuff
very disappointing. tried downloading on 2 different tablets. will only play the ads _surprise_ not shows. my opinion, don't bother. they got a lot of work to do_
i can't even sign in. upon opening the app i an greeted by a grey screen advertising one month free other than that this app just takes up space
goodbye ads ...
ad pair of kings new episodes on fosters add supah ninjas add new episodes to walking dead
i can not come and all ve z i enter appears advertising and on top does not spend much time bad will not recommend it if you guys did not lower i hated ... _ _
it is supposed entertainment app steals your contact information to send up to 5 times publicudad every day. if you try to unsubscribe to your advertising i will have a page q damage the equipment. worth having q q pay to steal your information_ and watch out, this does not tell you
people, vc that says you have everything on the internet to watch free, know that the netflix very worth it _ vc saves where you stopped watching and add on your list, things you can not do on any site out there. and no ads, q is even better
sux ads it is so
movie has many options compared to other applications, does not show ads and movies are very good but no variety of new, not for .. unless the problem is your phone or pc.
there is nothing free pure deception deceptive advertising
should develop a plugin to lock the screen, because sometimes left inadvertently movies.
works great, does as advertised. definitely my favourite movie_tv_watching app.
no ads or anything. has got loads of choice of programmes and films but the only thing i would say is that they don't change the films around that often so u get to a stage that you've watched all the good ones that u like and there isn't much else to do
the sound comes faster than running the image. depends on after ner while. if you already serving as app or online for paid customers should at least run and that _always and everywhere_ as is always the saying goes in your advertising_ please proceed immediately, otherwise you make yourselves guilty of a breach of contract and i will go to the lawyer, so can not go on_
ad pair of kings new episodes on fosters
netflix is ok. the menu for the ten bucks a month is a little skimpy.  they make sure they get their ten bucks every month though. it was good for a while. but what do you do when you've watched everything that interests you and they run out_ it was good for a while but you have nothing to offer me now. uninstalled and payments denied. by the way, they advertise for a free month but that is just a way to lure you in. they make sure they gets theirs before you get yours though.
false advertising
wheel without locking and does not have advertisements
i love this app as do my family, everyone has their own selections so no unorganized lists. there are no annoying ads or commericals, and our 'bill' is much lower than when we had satellite. my family have no qualms with it whatsoever but, personally, i would have given it a full five stars if there were a wider range of anime shows _yes, i love anime_ and if only they offered the latest episodes of tv shows. other than that there are no problems with this app. _
no vc can watch advertisements the time q vc want
since this ad dosen't state required speed, i fear our wifi wouldn't work, and then i'd be out the price of the netflix device, whatever that is. it must be very expensive or this ad would say. also, why doesn't this ad state the monthly subscription fee_
this is false advertising understood say q is free only to then have q lower pay that's clowning is to find q people are beasts. .vcs should put q and q have to pay can we use this netflix
great app to watch movies or series ad great for kids so worth paying
it is the best because there are no i mean no ads
ad for show did not make me curious to see it
its really good for family time but every time i go into netflix on my phone adverts pop up every 10 seconds plz fix
they have as good titles like claims to have made a lot of stupid advertising
love movies will now watch ad nauseam toh downloading if it is good then give five
for something with such advertising has very few films and series, not worth paying something q x you can see on tv free air
does not seem to ask for the information of credit cards there is a free month is free once complete the information request as payment misleading advertising
a free pure crap shit says jjajajaj not descargen not worth the lost time penalty and charge bad bad movie. misleading advertising. bad bad
movie selection's good _ price is great but... service advertised as _8.99_ on bill is actually _10.34. video quality advertised as _high definition,_ 720p or 1080p, is actually just 480p. service promises 2 screens but when i tried to watch netflix on my 2nd tv, netflix opened new account _ started double_charging me. customer service makes government's look good. when i finally got to a human he wouldn't refund mistake or cancel early. what the mafia is to las vegas, netflix is to streaming.
you guys should not put in the free category that's false advertising ...
selection of titles suffers. the plethora of titles available by its competitors exponentially outweigh those that netflix has licenses for_ that's always been the biggest downside of netflix and at this point i doubt that many subscribers, like myself, expect that to change. though that's expected considering the competitors have ads and netflix doesn't. app works fast, smoothly, and with very few bugs. it comes exactly as advertised. so although netflix doesn't deserve anywhere near 5 stars, the app does.
selection of titles suffers. the plethora of titles available by its competitors exponentially outweigh those that netflix has licenses for_ that's always been the biggest downside of netflix and at this point i doubt that many subscribers, like myself, expect that to change. though that's expected considering the competitors have ads and netflix doesn't. app works fast, smoothly, and with very few bugs. it comes exactly as advertised. so although netflix doesn't deserve anywhere near 5 stars, the app does.
nice ammusent without that stupid advertising always
i'm happy with what i get. and people, it isn't _free_ on your tv, since you're probably paying 100_ a month for cable lol enjoy paying for advertising
i've never had a problem. there are no ads. the selection is decent with a little room for improvement. the ui is easy, and the automatic roll into the next is nice. i'd like to see more expansion into tv shows so i can drop huluplus_ads.
movies without a break and without pay to see advertising as the sky _ net.
be much better if it had shows like hulu updated shows and older shows. i do like and appreciate no ads but i do get kicked off or it stood working a lot
i loved one of the best app q already created without counting q video besides load fast in hd on cel no advertisements and has nothing and pirate, deserve more than 5 stars. and the price of super signature account _
i don't think i've ever rated an app...but i've never been this unhappy with one, either. sad thing is_ i basically advertise y'all daily. _i refuse to pay for cable since netflix is so cheap and convenient_ unless your issues are fixed asap i'm unsubscribing and that sentence will never leave my mouth again. it takes 30 minutes to an hour just to get to the homepage. when i finally get to sit down and watch netflix...i really don't want to wait that long. it's not my internet, not my tablet, etc. please get this dang thing fixed. single mom_not a lot of free time_would like to enjoy the little free time i have again. k_ thanks.
very good ad more times the legend is fora.de sync most recommend
which free month_ from the moment you put the data on the card will charge the first month. you do not get the free trial that both advertised. it's a theft.
they stop the movies lately and i see an ad. please fix it, it is very annoying.
but please put films like frozen frozen adventure, amienemigas, etc and porfa when they say they try to solve the problem at it with truth and please have put a film liam nison such as a walk in the tombs, implacable want ad 1 nonstop, etc., please do that when i give them 5 stars
sometimes has some problems. it says i have a connection problem but i have no problem when accessing the internet threw google or any other app or it'll be something els stupid to have a reason not to work but i'm giving 4 stars because it has allot of movies and shows no adds and i'd be lost without it. please ad south park_
was good till the ad pop ups started happening... not an issue with my phone either...uninstalled app reinstalled app...still happening...fix it
exactly what i was looking for. film and series without advertising in super quality.
i installed netflix expecting it to have the option of a free movie service with ads, or pay one off and that's that. but its not. i really wanted to watch the exclusive daredevil series, but i guess some things just aren't many to happen. _
i've used a bunch of video apps both free and paid, and i must say that netflix is my favorite. the interface is very simple to use, and you can set up multiple users so everyone has their own personalized profile.  the shows and movies on here are definitely worth the 8.99 per month. also it's free from ads_ unlike hulu where you pay the same to get swarmed with ads.
xfinity tv go has more shows than this its a waste of time ad money even hulu is better
i just wish they would put the movies out on here before there on dvd 's isn't this what you advertise and why we pay a monthly fee to watch movies before they hit the stores and you need to keep up with tv series but all in all i love netflix
ad pair of kings
i've been a netflix user since the beginning of their streaming service and i'm never going back to cable. your original programming has been superb enough to forgive the desecration of arrested development. i will continue to be a loyal customer until the _telecom giants_ create their own service and put netflix out of business. thanks to you my daughter hadn't seen a commercial until she was almost 3 years old. she promptly had a meltdown, but my point is that i'm grateful for the ad free experience.
bc it good to have ad it good on the go
we do not detect gold networks i am connected and advertising message. in addition to 8 euros per month pouraient they put english subtitles wherever there is the english voice ...
i have been a loyal and happy customer of netflix for several years. their latest _update_ rendered the app practically useless on a phone, unless you are merely browsing titles. if you want to stream movies on your phone, hulu and crackle still work. yes, there are occasional ads, but it beats watching the buffering symbol.  _   if you subscribe to hbo or starz, use the hbogo or starz play apps, as they are not only working like netflix used to, they are included with your subscription.
this is the best app ever_ i recommend you use this. if you don't like it, you can always unsubscribe. i have had netflix for 4 years now. it's amazing_ there aren't any ads like hulu
i love this app...no ads...always works on my nexus 5 _even on 5.02 lollipop_ excellent selection of tv shows and movies _including anime_. a couple suggestions to make it even better would be. 1. don't include shows or movies that i've already watched completely in my reccommended watch list. 2. add a feature that allows the device display to blackout video after 30 secs _except for controls_ when connected to an external display ex. vlc media player does this to save battery.
must load in the middle of the show and will from time to depend, then it must be restarted. what also annoys is the advertising.
so funny no advertising
4 stars until you remove the ad in free version.  it is very disappointing to have to x out of a worthless add before i can even get to my home screen.
i've been using it for months now, no problems. this is really free. not done bs that you have to pay .99 cents for no ads. i'm probably going to buy full for support
title says it all so many ads started popping up that it became difficult to operate my phone, it is sneaky as it installs a software then starts spamming through it
its not crowded with crazy ads and simply easy to use. it could have more style to layout. can i add themes and change me keyboard with nova launcher app or only if i buy nova launcher prime_
great options for controlling the looks of the phone_ quite clean with very little ads.
it just keeps getting better_ ad free and low memory use.
really sped up my tablet, no issues downloading and all works as advertised.
the best launcher ever . ad free . buttery smooth . a lot of features
awesome launcher work without ads with good icon pack
i used to swear by solo launcher but that's drowning under ads now. nova is great, customisable and fast. but 6_ though_
a very clean interfaces. a very much customisable super clean app with no ads.
this is the most stable launcher i've ever had. it does exactly what it should and it doesn't swarm you with ads.
loved it and loved all the settings you get to play with in free mode. also, it doesn't have ads which is great
best launcher i've ever used. no ads or nothing it jst makes yr phone look super nice
no ads, clean. simple. many cutimization options. excellent launcher.
the fluidity and speed of the app.is apparent .one of the better launcher with lots of reasonable options. in google play and no ads. what more could you ask for _ thks. guys.
the apps on my home screen disappear when i reboot my phone. i have to take about half an hour to re ad them to my home screen as there is no option to add multiple apps at once. these idiot developers screwed me again on another update
after resetting my phone, i found that golauncher z added annoying advertisements and spam you cannot disable, so i went searching for another interface app. this is way better than the other one ever was, i should have always had this. good job.
nova launcher is nice app then my xperia z launcher. smooth simple and best launcher. no ads no any issue but please provide a function of app background transparency of blur.
features are good but too many ads
used many launchers but keep coming back to this one, great customisation options and no intrusive ads
across the board,_ this launcher is the best launcher i ever had. recommended for people that hate their original launcher. no advertisements. absolutely beautiful.
no ads, no nonsense. just awesome
i'm really enjoying the nova launcher_ the app is fast and efficient. the amount of themes is awesome_ the ability to lock the homescreen would be great so the i won't continue to inadvertently rearrange my desktop. a few more screen transitions would be great also. overall a great launcher_
it doesn't have video stabilization _software_, as advertised. works ok though and has some useful features.
much better than stock camera app, pros_ lot of features, lock exposure, lock focus, prevent display off, force display brightness when shooting, ad free, etc. cons_ shutter lag on my old experia m, very standard gui configuration.
everything we need. open source. no ads. thank you so much _
good camera app, got some good shots with my xperia m2 and best of all no annoying ads.
i downloaded this app cause it advertised that i could take a pic from my homepage with an icon button.  can someone let me know how i set this feature up. if i get this figured out,  the app is an easy 5 stars.
easy to use, produce nice pictures and no advertisements. thank you.
_almost _ all functions are available. lots of info on the screen. free and no ads, no tracking, high privacy_ like it and support the dev by using the paying version. i'm all in.
nice app. but annoying bright light comes on when you start it. 4 stars due to this shortcoming  but giving it 5 because its ad free and no bloat.
no ads.  nice controls and interesting to use.
this is the best camera app you can get your hands on. it has so many features and the one the stands out to me is that its free, with no ads. not even a popup to rate it. along with that, the actual app is amazingly functional and has everything you could possibly want. i was surprised about how it uses your phone's gyro to tell you the angle of slant your picture is at and the font of it changes to a nice green when your slant is in between _1_ and 1_. just try it out yourself and you won't regret it.
highly recommend,  no ads, full of adjustments, congratulations to the dev. work flawlessly.
nice camera with good effects, no ads, low resources.._missing an option to mute shutter sounds, i know it may be my phone even though sounds are off but there are cameras with options to mute sound that i've used
even though the standard galaxy s5 camera can eventually take a good photo i hated how went about doing it. open camera solved this problem for me as well as giving me a heap of settings to mess around with. if you are after a replacement camera with few extra filter and settings to mess around with then this app is what you need. my only complaint is that the app doesn't auto zoom smoothly during video recording. also no horrible pop up ads or banners so it behaves like a standard app.
ads free no 1 in all camera apps. thanx to develpor .
unlike many other third_party camera apps, it does what it says on the tin, it doesn't flood you with goofy filters nor ads nor in_app purchases.  unfortunately it doesn't let me save to my external sd_card.  and to me, that's a dealbreaker right there_
this camera control software blows away stock android software, i was really shocked to see no ads.
best camera app, hands down. totally ad free, props to the developer thank you.
ui might need a redesign but all the bells and whistles are there. no ads. open source tf else do we want_ periscope like ability using mega servers
a nice camera app with lots of quick setting.  no ads and no non sense.
the torch feature, ability to set exposure and the lack of ads and obtrusively features makes this the best camera app available
lots of great features. no ads. not quite as easy to use as the s4 camera app. sketch filter did not work. still _ one of the best camera apps.
best camera app i've tried, for sure. quick starting, simple, effective, free with no ads, and it just plain works well. it may not have the prettiest interface, but it's awesomeness overcomes any tiny gripes like that. great stuff. _
easy to use, works as advertised.
give too much advertisement
this app is so good, and has so little advertisements that i actually feel obligated to purchase the full version, even though i really don't need the extra features it will provide. i love editing pictures and have tried at least 5 other apps and was quite happy with the app i was currently using. then i decided to try this one out. it's truly awesome and simple to use. thank you_  stop asking me to rate you_
great app minus all the pop_up ads
this app is so good, and has so little advertisements that i actually feel obligated to purchase the full version, even though i really don't need the extra features it will provide. i love editing pictures and have tried at least 5 other apps and was quite happy with the app i was currently using. then i decided to try this one out. it's truly awesome and simple to use. thank you_
i have also used pc version of this app....and then i used this app...i really have good experience ....it doesn't show any kind of ads...it is the main advantage of it...
this application does so much.  i find myself using it a lot.  it doesn't bother me with ads.
love this app just because it is not only free of cost, but free of ad too. besides, it has huge options, photo enhancing tools that i am sure it will compete, beat picsart _full of ad_, adobe photoshop _very basic_. good job team cyberlink. love you.
incredible applications that you can apply to your photos that are updated and current unlike most photo editors. i use this all the time in my professional editorial work when i cannot make it to a mainframe. this does it all. a few ads here and there but what do expect for a free download.  well worth every effort.  i highly recommend this to anyone who is looking for a really cool editing program.  rula the red couture jewelry
just got tonight after trying a few apps and its fabulous_ a large variety of options and more on the realistic side which i prefer over stickers etc although it does have fun things to add too if like that kinda stuff.. apparently there's a full version without ads but i didn't get one ad while using it.. good job, very impressed, thank you_
works just like its advertised, easy to work with, i can adjust pictures on the go, as well as save and_or send them to other applications if needed after initial save. kudos
no way to set fb privacy if you use to upload_ creates an album with its own name _ free advertising, but i didn't permit that_ it saved my edited photos in low resolution unless i buy it, but there are so many limits it's not worth buying....
i downloaded 10 editors to try, and this one is my favorite. everything that my phone has in its own editor plus more. i have already edited lots of photos and am having these pics printed. all the options, ways to get extras for free and no ads. you can't ask for a better app. love it
i like it. photo director is easy to use and comes with several effects, frames, editing tools for adjusting picture quality ad well as brush and eraser tools. runs well on my motorola android...
awful interface, poorly_designed controls, two pop_up ads within the first minute of use. uninstalled immediately.
this app is phenomenal_ user friendly interface, helpful info tips for every feature, no forced cropping, not a front for ten thousand ads, no forced watermark, and best of all is the large variety of quality features_ i was wondering how to rate it 5 stars before it even asked me. thank you_
wow wow wow_ i think this is the most reliable and excellent editing app_ this app is so way beyond my imagination_ great work developers_ but 1 more thing though, ads. it's annoying that it interrupts while editing. hurgh. but aside from that, this app is awesome_ nice_
too much ads
good app but more ads
too many ads and crap..
too many ads
uninstalled within 10sec on opening ad pops up close it another one in front haven't even tried this ap yet... dear dear greed race we are ..
a photo app that feels i need notifications_ wtf for_ i don't need to be notified of anything from this app. it's not instagram, it's not social, it's an editing app, there is no need for notifications except to get you to open the app so you can see an ad. i don't think it's going to last long on my phone.  bye, bye_ pos.
does a nice job has plentiful options however i don't like the watermark and it doesn't seem to be a way to purchase the removal of advertisement and watermarking
i loved this app but i have just deleted.  too many ads.  i would be willing to buy this app without the ads.
lower resolution, ads, it replaced my original.
so many ads on this app
there are ads galore _ pop_up notifications you can't shut off. deleting_
i know they're trying to make a buck but loading the app with incessant ads renders it bothersome to use. more trouble than it's worth
thete are so many ads i can't figure out how to use it_
too many ads _
get rid of the ads and it would be so much nicer to use. ads are crazy. they are in everything.
aggressive adverts...pop_up notification when not using the app. i have uninstalled the app for this reason. i understand, and i am accepting of, occasional full page adverts while using the app, or an unobtrusive banner ad at the bottom of free apps, or apps that do neither because they want you to see how good their app is so that you will purchase a more fully featured app. pip by fotoable,inc you are greedy_ you have way way too many full page popups, and spammy notifications when i'm not even in the app. i set notification to block all notifications for this app, however your app over_rides my settings and forces notifications on me. as for functionality, the navigation is awful, not well thought out. imo this app is crap_
aggressive adverts...pop_up notification when not using the app. i have uninstalled the app for this reason. i understand, and i am accepting of, occasional full page adverts while using the app, or an unobtrusive banner ad at the bottom of free apps, or apps that do neither because they want you to see how good their app is so that you will purchase a more fully featured app. pip by fotoable,inc you are greedy_ you have way way too many full page popups, and spammy notifications when i'm not even in the app. i set notification to block all notifications for this app, however your app over_rides my settings and forces notifications on me. as for functionality, the navigation is awful, not well thought out. imo this app is crap_
innumerable ads, slows down the phone. uninstalled as soon as i could. they should work on this.
at first i was really pleased but then after a while i started getting notifications from the app for no real reason. then i opened the app and got a large ad that took up half to two_thirds of the screen, making it unclear at first what was ad or app. ruined what could have been a great and fun tool. uninstalling. no patience for apps that spew notifications to trick you to open them to show big ads that obscure app itself _in fairness,  could have just been a bad ad that made it hard to tell difference_.
only displays ads and asks you to install other apps. the high rating is a total scam.
can't save high resolution photos, ads everywhere.
loved the app but the half screen ads and flashing banners need to go. think of people with epileptic seizures. had to delete.
it's really nice and easy to save and edit certain pictures. automatically, it will save the edited photo to your gallery or photos but that only happens if you press save. it allows you to share them to different apps like hangouts and different social medias. once you exit the app it will tell you downloading ads and show you different apps like this one, i myslef have downloaded quite a few. they are amazing and so far, no surprise video ads have interrupted
all ads pop up every where
these advertisement ruins the experience using this app. it gets in the way and wished there is a way to turn it off by purchasing an ad_free version of it. otherwise, the app is great. will install it again later whenever this feature becomes a reality.
stop the ads, don't tell me that's what pays for the app. come up with a better options.
good app. too much of advertising
deleted before trying. got bombarded with adverts
it's extremely irritating to look for the right button without hitting the ads...
just get too much ads and a push notification ads that makes me uninstalled the app. the app work nice unless two things, first is the ads and the pip logo.. remove ads and the logo so that will give you a high rating.
a photo app that feels i need notifications_ wtf for_ i don't need to be notified of anything from this app. it's not instagram, it's not social, it's an editing app, there is no need for notifications except to get you to open the app so you can see an ad. i don't think it's going to last long on my phone.
i tried for 10 minutes after downloading this advertising machine to do something with a picture but kept being redirected to advertising or back to the play store to download different_other apps. huge waste of time and data. i never got to edit one picture. deleted it.
i like this simple app, but for one thing. it keeps sending unsolicited ads via text type messages and will not respond to feedback to shut them off. have down graded to one star because the app ads have gotten so pervasive.  finally uninstalled it today.
hard to use. too many ad in between. also slow loading of photos from my gallery.
lasted a couple of hours on my phone. i got tired of the constant pop up of ads. so many that i wasn't sure what i was going to click on. more ads than normal apps.
ads pop up immediatly. there has to be a better way to make money than putting pop up ads on the app. guess you could pay for no ads but there are too many other free apps without ads to use.
doesn't work as described,  too many ads,  everytime i try to edit a photo it takes me to the playstore.  i could have give 0 rating...
i love this simple app, but for one thing. it keeps sending unsolicited ads via text type messages and will not respond to feedback to shut them off. have down graded to two stars because the app ads have gotten so pervasive.
to many ads cant do anything
it just ads popping up every time you open how come they have such a high ratings_
i love this simple app, but for one thing. it keeps sending unsolicited ads via text type messages and will not respond to feedback to shut them off.
first time opening the app, ads pop and pop before i even do anything
it just ads popping up every time you open
too much ads
there is way to many ads on this rediculous
can't do or see anything in the app. full of ads..uninstalled within first one minute
full of advertisements .. can't even find the interface.
ads even when my wifi is off. i don't know how you guys do that
ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads... if they didn't interrupt the work flow, but half the screen with ads... lol... nah.  there are better apps and ads out there... shame...
opens on a full page ad. interface takes less of screen than permanently visible ad. then there is a banner ad at the bottom if the screen. the program controls, if you can find them, are identical to several other programs... serious waste if time and our effort. is this where android is meant to go_ what a bad and unfortunate experience.
has ads but still worth 5 stars.
none other app has frames like this app has. i was thinking to give 5 stars but this app has many ads which disturbs while editing
i hated it...has many major problems ....to many ads and doesn't work properly  plus do not install this
don't bother installing this...as soon as i did, i started getting ads pop up whenever i opened not just this app but other apps which hadn't behaved this way before...un_installed....pure adware
i don't mind the ads _while i am using it_ but when i connect to the internet with wifi it sure as hell isn't to get ads delivered to me for kmart via this app
barely ever seen a more ad bloated app
i loved it for making my picture i always making in this app and share on fb or whatsapp so advertisement of pip camera app so give me some reward for it....._
not a camera, but a photo effects app infested with ads everywhere
super annoying push ads..ads...ads . no option to turn off ads
very annoy with pop_up ads.
too many ads, no way to purchase a ad free version, limited functionality
long time user, but will be moving to something else when ads start appearing. even good apps get ruined eventually.
i miss the original simple and focused app when it still known as read it later. i don't want my save it for later bookmarking app to be social or have a news feed. and now we're going to be getting targeted ads too_ i'm going to have to find a new alternative soon.
clean, full_screen, black background articles with no ads. follow hyperlinks in app. if there was a push dictionary built in, i'd never leave.
very practical as it stores online articles for later and saves them offline. but most importantly makes any article so much nicer to read as it cleans the format, gets rid of the ads and gives you a very pleasant magazine feel. tags are very helpful too.
this app works great_ i can't believe it took me so long to try it and i really can't believe it's free. anything i'm reading on the internet i simply added to pocket and can finish it anytime. plus pocket arrange it so there's no advertisements on the screen flashing all around. i recommend this app to anybody and everybody. it works great and is so simple to use. thank you to the developers and makers of this application. let it be known that i very rarely leave feedback on app. but had to for this one_
clean, full_screen, black background articles with no ads. follow hyperlinks in app. if there was a push dictionary built in, i'd never leave.
download full articles with your photos without advertising to read when you have no signal or if you have wanted to read from an application where no advertisements are displayed.
wish here was a way i could buy it and remove ads
while not as clean looking as the top competition, i like the ui much better than theirs. plus the option to stay free with ads is pretty nice.
love the app, it had all the podcasts i want and let's you choose the type of ads. this is the best podcast app_
i don't understand why apps like stitcher still exist when there's a strictly better one out there. theres none of the freezing slowness or obnoxiously loud ads. its quick downloads and streams. my new fav.
just the best podcast player out there. non intrusive ads, excellent settings_ the best around_
my favorite feature is the ability to speed up episodes by 10_ increments. i can get through podcasts faster without distortion of the sound. one con of this app is that it drains the battery life with downloading new ads. when you pay for the unlocked version it removes ads and the drain of the battery life
no ads
very easy to manage and does exactly as advertised
_galaxy s3_ simple to pickup and use. well worth paying the 3 bucks to get the no ads version
very impressive app. found it useful and easy to use. the ads are unobtrusive.
since i was new to android, it took me a bit to sort out menu navigation but i soon caught on and find this to be my favorite and most used app. i gladly upgraded to ad free with no regrets.
and the ads are not intrusive.
great features. semi user friendly. better then most. minimal ads
works extremely well, ads are not intrusive to the experience, well laid out and easy to use
everything from podcast discovery tools to an option that increases the button size of the in_app player for when you are driving and need bigger buttons. this app has so many bells and whistles i wish all developers were this insightful. plus you can use it for free with ads, but i like to support developers like these so i purchased the licensed version within a couple days of having the app.
i'm using this app for about a year now and am quite happy with it. being able to stream episodes is the one important function i look for in podcatchers and this one combines it with a clear and easy to understand ui. the free version comes with the obligtatory ads, but they usually just take a smidge of the bottom of the screen, so not as annoying as some can be. i usually download longer podcasts for hearing on the go and stream shorter podcasts at home_while having access to wlan.
no bugs, no fubar downloads, no bloatware_obnoxious ads. easy to find great shows and episodes_
it plays in the background, no super intrusive ads, and it's free. only downside is uses up data somewhat quickly so use wifi and download them.
i almost went for the app that costed money. i'm glad i decided to give the free one a chance. the ads don't interfere with listening and they have all the podcasts i want.
love this app. playlist management is seamless, with some surprising features such as volume boosts and the ability to alter playback speed. discovering new podcasts to subscribe to has been fun and easy. the dev even lets you pick between two types of ads _which i was more than happy to endure if it meant supporting development_. i would like to highly recommend this to anyone currently undecided between this app and all the others currently available _
does as advertised, and does it well. i'm a big fan of how very customizable everything is_ there's a setting for just about every aspect you'd want to control. my biggest complaint is that the ui isn't the prettiest thing ever _material update someday_, but at the end of the day the app is about podcasts, and it does those well.
it may well be the best podcast app on android, but the garish flashing ads annoyed me so much in the first few minutes of using it, i de_installed it.
_galaxy s3_ simple to pickup and use. well worth paying the 3 bucks to get the no ads version
this is the only app i point android users to, when advertising my podcast _live 2 win with alex thorn_
so many features for only a little bit of money. you'll be able to customize your entire experience with many easy to use features. ads are non intrusive, and do not pop up when offline. i only wish i could give these guys more money. get this app and support these wonderful developers.
i switched from rss radio found on ios to android, which made playing podcasts a huge pain. that was until i found podcast addict. i love the features. and for those who complain about ads, this free player is on par with many other paid players in terms of quality. so if i have to deal w_a couple of ads to support a developer, in exchange for a great free app, i'm glad to do it. update_i absolutely love how the new ver. allows you to share an episode's position via a web player. it's amazing_  get it_
works seamlessly with chromecast and is a stable app. i ended donating for the ad free version.
it's a really well done app with a lot of podcast to choose from and it does not cost too much to get rid off ads also if anyone needs a recomendation i reconmend the off topic podcast by achivement hunter
_galaxy s3_ simple to pickup and use. well worth paying the 3 bucks to get the no ads version
i've been using podcast addict for years because it's super customizable. also, the interface is intuitive and aesthetically pleasing even with an ad banner at the bottom. it's ol' dependable and all download issues i've had can be attributed to the feeds, not this app. my only recommendation is to enhance the algorithm utilize when using the search feature to find new podcasts. at times, it is too particular and doesn't locate an obvious match.
easy to use, happy i can get itune u lectures. ads aren't that bad but i still find them annoying. i miss iphone apps for the lack of random ads and pay for add ons. search function could be better at selecting correct topic_ religious podcast popped up when looking for ecology stuff.
such a great app_ only missing a star because of the ad banner _ but all good _ i get it_
i like the layout and the access to various podcasts. the ads are non_invasive as well.  my problem with it is it kept stopping randomly when i put the screen to sleep.  it was also way quieter than the other app i now use.  i had to crank up the volume to max when listening.
i haven't found any podcast that works as good as this one. i love the playlist functionality and how it you can set it to download new episodes automatically at a certain time so my podcasts are always ready to go when i wake up. definitely the best podcast app i've found yet and for free too_ though it's totally worth it to throw down the 3 bucks to get rid of the banner ad and to support this great app.
ads as always, are the only negative.
and free with no annoying adverts. best podcast app i have used
does exactly what i need.  i don't mind the ads.
great app, runs well, intuitive. i have the free version and the ad is not annoying or in the way.
free, barely_there ads, and so far i haven't found it lacking any features. would easily recommend
very flexible about ads. nice interface. does exactly what i need it to do_ play casts.
i am very happy so far. i paid to be ad free, because the ads were ugly. i would recommend this app.
easy to use. no ads. free. the best app i've ever downloaded. recommend to others. does drain the battery but it's great
easy to use, easy to add podcasts, and finally a free app where the ads don't get in your way
i'll probably end up paying for the full thing since i hate banner ads, but the free version is a very fully featured app in itself. easily best app for listening to and downloading podcasts
best app for listening to podcasts i have found. well worth the cost, even though a fully functional ad supported version is available. one of the few that streams effortlessly to chromecast. in a future update would like to see additional playlist options for different listening environments. cheers
everything you need in a podcast app i have tried loads of others but this is the one i now use and have paid to get rid of the ads.
great podcast app_ navigation is good and performace_quality is awesome for beong free with ads. i am very satisfied_
my experience with this app has been great. it handles all my podcasts well. also no problems with advertisements and the app is completely free. so i would definitely recommend it. didn't have to go for a paid app like pocket casts.
_galaxy s3_ simple to pickup and use. well worth paying the 3 bucks to get the no ads version
good content. pity it has ads _ unlike stitcher. the interface is a bit busy.
easy to use. good interface. very customizable. good enough that i bought the ad free version.
i love carrying my podcasts 28th me on my phone. the app is easy to use and i like using the widget to contrl my current listening. it was worth a couple of bucks to get rid of the ads.
amazing application, works like a charm. never an issue and best of all its free. it does have ads but they've never been a nuisance. i must say that this app is just phenomenal, 10 out of 5 stars_
there are more popular podcast apps, but this one just keeps getting better. i am surprised it is not mentioned more often. check it out for free, you can't say that about the big contenders in the podcast space. frankly, that's how i started a few years ago. at this point i am happy with the app so i will reward the developer even though the ads aren't intrusive. only thing i'd enjoy is more backup options. exported my shows from old phone to new one but i'd love to see the favorites and _read_ come over.
works great on the note 4. adverts are unobtrusive.
apparently google has pushed video ads hard which can drain your battery and cause serious annoyance. avoid full screen ads, but be aware that battery drain can still occur.
this app has a pretty extensive set of features for everything from audio control to playlist editing. searching for podcasts is easy, and synchronizing is a piece of cake. the price point is hard to beat, and the advertising is not overly annoying like some other free apps. all in all it is a high quality product that i use frequently... thanks_
yes, there are ads but they are unobtrusive. the app has several nice features such as automatic deletion, automatic rewind, etc., that i find very useful.
_galaxy s3_ simple to pickup and use. well worth paying the 3 bucks to get the no ads version
i used to use a different podcast app until someone told me to try this one. i like it tons more. plus the developer is very happy to respond which is rare also, i love that he gives you all the features regardless if you choose the free version with ads or the paid version without ads. i also love the volume boost_ he keeps adding new functionality that has been very useful for me like the options to do a volume boost and skip periods of silence.
i enjoyed the free version for a couple of months thus i purchased the ad free version. this is where the bugs appeared. please fix
awsome app. would like to make my own theme though such as red and black or black and green. ads are not annoying. change from banner to full page ad for it to happen every hour or so.
updates almost in sync with programs. i've discovered a lot of new shows thanks to this app. ads get in the way sometimes.
no problems with ads or anything. does what it says it does.
just wish the donate version would not have the voice ads interrupting the show. i'd pay to have it stop.
for instance, if i record a video, the audio file is stored into poweramps library.. any mobile games i play, the ad audio is also stored.. any ideas_
please stop the advertising for the unlocked one i don't want it
even ths ads sounds saved .please so something about it.  i will rate it 5star if u guys do something about it .
well done. i can move the song up and down as how i want to arrange it on my playlist. and it doesnt have ads inside the apps. looking forward for the next innovation.
there are lots of free ones out there. well i would consider buying because it is ad free but it doesnt play from onedrive app. if it does i would give u 5 stars.
this is a good way to listen to music. i love you can turn the bass up without it sounding broken. sounds great in bluetooth and is actually easier to use than my original music player. however i don't like sometimes it takes forever to switch to the next song using bluetooth. and i absolutely hate it downloads audio ads in your playlist. can we for once escape from ads please_ _
beautifully simple app, _htc1m8_. performs all advertised functions with ease. a screen for basic treble, bass, volume, more. another screen has 10 band across 31_16k equilizer. all audio controls are very responsive. app to phone to bluetooth excellent. consistantly functional interaction between the various menus and subsequent options. great graphics, and within this app's limits _it's not trying to be a recording studio_, a very sophisticated ux. near year of  flawless results from poweramp.
pop up ads are extremely irritating. i don't want to see pop up ads belonging to qqi when i'm not actively using the app and when i'm actually using other apps. extremely intrusive.
every couple of days it logout suddenly and getting error ad login failed with same id and password. only solution is uninstall and reinstall.plz fix it.i have paid subscription and this error sucks.
my whole family uses it and no ads its add free
revision one star down it's worse by each update_ sameone can so screw such good im application.  from ms takeover more advertisement more funky less lot less functionality and so buggy...
i used to love microsoft,  until they started ruining everything. windows os has updated to run pre_installed ads in the background and unnecessary apps. with skype,  every update is filled with confusion,  less optimisation and more bugs. i'll still use pc skype,  but i'm uninstalling mobile.
bloated memory hog.  sucked up so many resources that it caused other processes to inadvertently halt.
powered by kitayfone s7589. functional enough for easy communication. i use infrequently. but because of its prevalence, it is desirable to have on your phone each. i think that is too much advertising. microsoft coolest company can in principle exist without advertising. it does not display messages if i had not started manually. after the update is growing that takes place in the program memory.
recently i discovered that skype listens to your carrier based phone calls to target ads to you when you use other microsoft or skype products. i was discussing with someone about getting their car towed and the next day when i logged into skype on windows there was an ad for 24 hour car towing company. skype is on my phone and heard that conversation even though i wasn't using skype. up until that point i not discussed a towing service on any app utility form or anything else. skype is listening
recently i discovered that skype listens to your carrier based phone calls to target ads to you when you use other microsoft or skype products. i was discussing with someone about getting their car towed and the next day when i logged into skype on windows there was an ad for 24 hour car towing company. skype is on my phone and heard that conversation even though i wasn't using skype. up until that point i not discussed a towing service on any app utility form or anything else. skype is listening
almost never works as advertised, terrible video and audio quality, waste of time and memory
why is there no way to remove ads_  i'd gladly pay for an ad_free version of skype.  in fact,  skype is the only app i use that show ads.  come on, microsoft,  stop trying to sell junky ads on skype.
crashes while trying to show ads.
easy to use free with non intrusive ads
it is a good app but it has a really annoying thing and i think they made it in purpose that when you open the app the ads bar appears just exactly above the first conversation and that makes you mistake and touch it instead of your conversation and then opens the ads in your browser _ most apps put ads in the down of the screen not in annoying place like that_
fullscreen ads. unstable and buggy. slow. drains the battery too fast just by running in the background. use it only if you have no other choice _i.e. for work_. force stop it after each use.
really loved it, but now there are ads, and that really spoiled it for me. other than that its really good and i can call my family from the other side of the world
two words_ fullscreen ads. also, it is skype which means these ads crash every so often and forget they were showed just 2 seconds ago. actually, this is the most unstable android app i have ever used. there are just no devices in existence where it 'just works'. its slow interface is near unusable on mobile devices with a small screen. it has the stupidest defaults, for example, it runs in background eating traffic and battery, but shows no signs of it _you need to enable its persistent notification to see if it's running_. it launches by itself if someone is calling, meaning it never really exits, but it can simply die in background and you won't notice it and miss important messages and_or calls. every new version now just adds more bugs occasionally fixing more critical ones. the desktop version of skype is the greatest application in the world comparing to this one.
two words_ fullscreen ads. also, it is skype which means these ads crash every so often. actually, this is the most unstable android app i have ever used. there are just no devices in existence where it 'just works'. its slow interface is near unusable on mobile devices with a small screen. it has the stupidest defaults, for example, it runs in background eating traffic and battery, but shows no signs of it _you need to enable its persistent notification to see if it's running_. it launches by itself if someone is calling, meaning it never really exits, but it can simply die in background and you won't notice it and miss important messages and_or calls. every new version now just adds more bugs occasionally fixing more critical ones. the desktop version of skype is the greatest application in the world comparing to this one.
to many ads
hi_ i have mi4c smartphone and for one and a half of a day skype burns my battery for 15_, it's almost like screen burns it. for example telegram burns it less then 1_ and i use it more. no voice or video calls, just messaging. and of course ads are boring in messaging apps in 2016, specially in skype.
microsoft why are you filling such software with unwanted scam ads _
so i've used this app a handful of times, and it works well. what really ticks me off though is that it loads at startup on any device, and pushes notifications. this isn't a big deal on my desktop because i can just disable it, but it's always running on my phone, and i'm never happy to receive it's stupid prompts for self advertisement. this app has come in handy, but i'm uninstalling it because it's just a pain. get a clue microsoft.
it lags on my galaxy note 4, and i don't like ads on all pages.
besides micro. ads and all trandy new futures app use high performance_usage_ and sucksoff the batery even 4g _ e_ _ wifi range connection established, batery powersaver button turned on, 4qore default procesor uncheked, display 24 brightness seted drain batery
the app does not update itself, chokes my phone with ads, and worst of all is constantly dropping calls... in the rare case that it deigns to even make group chats connected. it's nothing but a bloated text messenger in this state, far from what it's advertised to be capable of. don't waste your time or your internal memory.
the app does not update itself, chokes my phone with ads, and worst of all is constantly dropping calls... in the rare case that it deigns to even make group chats connected. it's nothing but a bloated text messenger in this state, far from what it's advertised to be capable of. don't waste your time or your internal memory.
it isn't messenger anymore. it is a piece of crap, which acts like typical adware. most annoying _ full screen ads which can't be disabled, but it will popup at any moment.
no, it is not for an older version. drains the battery. keeps logged in. changing privacy setting without asking it and reach your full contact list. full of ads. getting worse with every update what you cannot ignore. it doesn't even work on galaxy mega. please let me know if you manages to develop a working version. this one is totally unreliable sowing people available who are not and even calling them...  worse than ever.
use this all the time. too many ads
good app. ruined with the big ad.
i have just noticed adverts appearing on my android version of skype. i  appear not to be able to remove them, or prevent them appearing. the present one is from currys_pc world. i find this extremely annoying and intrusive. i have become accustomed to my contacts being in a set way on my skype, but this seemingly new feature changes all that.   i am deleting it from my android.  i shall check back to see if this advertising has been removed, but i'm in no hurry to return to mobile skype. happily, my pc version is not affected _ yet_  skype has gone down the drain since ms took it over.  bye bye
good news and bad news, bad news is video calls no longer work making this app worthless, aside from that this app now wants access to your text messages, the good news is this app now has ads and that seems to be working just fine.
please remove ads from mobile skype. annoying and distracting and i hate it. uninstalling the app because of intrusive ads.
model_ g2. review_ microsoft has fixed a lot of the problems i had before, but i'm starting to see ads again. ads are frustrating. the only other issue i have is skype sitting in the background and draining my battery even after i _kill the task_. you apparently have to fully log out to fix this issue.
please give us an option for a one time payment to use this app_ so we don't see the _annoying advertisements_. and the android version does not syncronise with the windows version_ thank you_
can't bear with the advertising banner_
the addition of ads is bullshit, but the back button is also completely broken on android.
not a load of ads, voice mic good and over all it's amazing_ i have a samsung galaxy note 4.
this is my first time using it and it doesn't crash and it doesn't give you ads and it doesn't send you to the home screen you can facto me while going to another app
latest update sucks... it's damn slow n full of ad
launching this is like walking into detroit. the older versions of skype offered a lot better operation. microsoft once again allows ads in their products that link to fraud sites. my only response from them is _oh just submit feedback about bad ads_. i happily do that, but it doesn't fix the problem when 1_ the ad positioning takes up the top message slot, and literally baits you into clicking it on impulse. and 2_ if they remove one ad, another 10 take its place. ads are alright and i accept those as a fact, but hook_line_and_sinker ads are absolutely awful click_bait practice_ call quality is garbage, video quality is garbage, the chat system uses up way more data than it should. none of this was a problem before microsoft took the product over.
bugged_ just like its predecessors. this version _under android v5.1_, when opened on my s6 edge, shows contacts as unavailable when they are in fact available, and this has to be corrected by switching between the options for contacts display. finally _imho_ the developers should put their resources into fixing bugs before including childish trivia. and now with _in your face_ ads.
skype will die a slow death with ads galore
i'm getting really tired of it kicking me off and then when i try to sign back in it says, _unable to sign in_ so then i have to uninstall it ad reinstall it... wtf skype_ _ this is the same issue from like 4 updates ago.....can you manage an update without screwing with me for once_
the latest update now brings advertisements for all of us, the perfect christmas gift. it even manages to slow down the app when scrolling horizontally through the tabs..... well done _
i found ads after the update. it's a shame. these ads ruin a beautiful design. please reconsider about ads in your app. is microsoft so desperate to sell ads to its skype users_
take off ads then other then that it's good thanks also try add more simles and maybe moive like share with ur partner so u both watch together also drawing together
i now have  advertising on skype.  i do not want this...can i get rid of it_
there's vodafone ads on the screen. facebook messenger is better and shows you no ads. kind of useless and obsolete you don't need skype for anything anymore.
i'm getting really tired of it kicking me off and then when i try to sign back in it says, _unable to sign in_ so then i have to uninstall it ad reinstall it... wtf skype_ _ this is the same issue from like 4 updates ago.....can you manage an update without screwing with me for once_
ads are annoying_ .. aslo not working properly when using 3g
please give us an option for a one time payment to use this app_ so we don't see the _annoying advertisements_. and the android version does not syncronise with the windows version_ thank you_
i'm have enough memory in ad card but unable to move from phone memory to sd m anybody help me. i can able to move 6.10 and 6.11 version
i rated 10_10 before but new updates called ads on top of contacts so now for me its 6_10.
works relatively good, but there freezing issues.  often when typing in several consecutive hearts, kisses and smileys, skype freezes up requiring the mobile phone to be turned off and turned back on.  also, when in the middle of a text, a window opens up requesting feedback.  major annoyances and inconveniences that ruin a great app.  as soon as these bugs are worked out, skype mobile will be a fantastic app.  and a version without advertising would be nice, regardless of cost.
using moto x play. it doesn't allow me to conduct a group call _voice_ as advertised _
since a couple of days, ads have started popping up in skype, this has never happened before. else, it works pretty good except for the ocasional status change.
i eagerly await the day that changing the settings causes those changes to actually stick. there's nothing better than turning off the ads in the settings, only to find you're still getting ads. or telling your device to vibrate when you get a message, only for it to never do so. this is bull crap of the highest caliber, and reinstalling everything did not help in the slightest.
i'm have enough memory in ad card but unable to move from phone memory to sd m anybody help me. i can able to move 6.10 and 6.11 version
during calls the upper right corner of my screen cannot be tapped within a about a 1 square centimeter space, meaning i cannot cancel ads nor can i pull up new tabs in the browser. this only happens when skype is open and i have to close it down via task manager every time in order to gain access to a vital space on my phone.
i'm have enough memory in ad card but unable to move from phone memory to sd m anybody help me. i can able to move 6.10 and 6.11 version
never actually wanted to write a rating for any app before, but it is so upsetting how bad skype has become since being bought by microsoft. i have been using skype since 2007, and it was so great for years, in 2012, shortly after being sold to microsoft, huge problems started occurring. sure, the program has introduced some cool new features over the years, but at the cost of general application functionality_ i am especially disappointed with the mobile app. i had an iphone 4 previous to my current phone from early 2013 to now, and for the first year and a half i would say, skype app for ios worked great. then i stopped receiving notifications, calls would ring on my phone for several minutes after answering them on the computer, and conversations just weren't loading. i got a new android phone recently, with 2 gigs ram, 16 gig internal memory, really nice phone that runs my apps beautifully and efficiently, except skype. this app is terrible now. it is the only one on my phone i have any problems with. never receiving notifications, constantly freezing and crashing. please fix this. skype was such an amazing idea with really great intentions and i appreciate that it is a free service, but i think with the amount of ads being shoved down my throat every second of using it, they could at least make it function properly.
i'm getting really tired of it kicking me off and then when i try to sign back in it says, _unable to sign in_ so then i have to uninstall it ad reinstall it... wtf skype_ _ this is the same issue from like 4 updates ago.....
i loved how they didn't have ad's before but this new update just isn't that we'll. just slows down the phone even more also a lot of bug crashes when trying to be on a skype call. also the advertisements can get in the way of chats
i loved how they didn't have ad's before but this new update just isn't that we'll. just slows down the phone even more also a lot of bug crashes when trying to be on a skype call. also the advertisements can get in the way of chats
keeps crashing. extremely slow. the ads just won't go even after turning them off in the settings. wouldn't have used it at all if i didn't have to.
skype was the communication app to use, with the insertion of ads, it is a disappointment. will be using other less interusive apps without ads.
ads is a sign of a low class company_dev. now if ya want us to pay for it just say so. ya don't need to sneek garbage like ads up our rearends. sad.
i'm have enough memory in ad card but unable to move from phone memory to sd m anybody help me
although the quality of calls have been improved but ads need to be removed, they're annoying.
since when have front cameras produced good quality images_ you reeeeeeeeeeaally are pushing your apps advertisment to the level of a lie
it has too many sexy ads
best thing without ads
this app is good to make a phone call and do instant messenger, but it does not allow for video skyping as it advertises.
too many ads. can't find calls tabs.
would love to pay to get rid of ads and want press hold quick options for audio or video message similar to rextra, imessage, what's app.
devs, there needs to be an option to be able to download, and save videos, there is the option to download, and save pictures, _wich works perfectly_. skype would be 5 _ stars if i could download, and save videos please add an option to download and save videos, everything else works as advertized, will give it 5 stars when i am able to download, and save videos
loved it,its cool never crashes, great ads and its the best way to see friends and family without walking  to them and you cans make funny videos to show friends, its just great_
skype is automatically opening websites with dangerous ads prompting to install malware_
ads show their ugly face.
ads are removed and quality of calling has improved.
the app works as it should, and i would give it 5 stars except the ads are a little in the way. i don't mind advertisements on an app but skype pops up an ad exactly where your new message was about a second after you open the app. as your clicking on your new message, the ad pops up where the message was moving the message down. now your taken to a website you had no intention in going to instead of checking you messages.
the app works as it should, and i would give it 5 stars except the ads are a little in the way. i don't mind advertisements on an app but skype pops up an ad exactly where your new message was about a second after you open the app. as your clicking on your new message, the ad pops up where the message was moving the message down. now your taken to a website you had no intention in going to instead of checking you messages.
used to be a simple easy to use communication tool. now skype in india is bloated with too many advertisements frequently updating in the side _ stupid gifs and emojis are taking the user experience to a negative level.   stop screwing around microsoft else i'll have to stop using skype.
and one more ads...
wanna use mobile skype to communicate_ recipient won't hear you well, even though you have good internet connection and hardware. need to receive important message_call_ you'll miss it, but advert will show up in any case. if you know that you've got a chat from someone and opened the contact it won't sync that chat. amazing job, microsoft. thank you for f_g up one of my favourite apps. this is your true talant for sure _ breaking stuff and adding a little bit more advert to it.
it says _free_ but as soon as you install it and try to set it up, it says you have an option for payment to work it_ i'm sorry, but when i install a _free_ app on my phone, i expect it to be entirely _free_ uninstalled it for false advertising_
good but not stable, and...  please remove these ads from the app. they ruin everything... how.... _
thought those old and dank memes were painful in gif form_ well skype has taken it to the next level with terrible little animations reminiscent of the days of yahoo messenger. hate minions_ too bad, hope you don't accidentally touch one of the overcooked twinkies. to put it neatly, mojis are tat, worthless, fine garbage. so many things microsoft could have implemented, and apparently this was feature number 1_ more ads.
ads and options i don't want. features and simplicity required.
i just hate the ads.
adverts
why am i suddenly getting push notifications advertising features_ let me turn that off.
priority notifications are used for ads. this is against the android ui guidelines.
after the new update. my skype sent spam to my contacts. baidu advertising.
pc version especially, but this version is not too great either. file sending is unavailable in group chats, messages often go undelivered, and the picture sending capability compresses images so badly it's like they just blew up a thumbnail of the image. but boy, i sure am glad that i can send little video clips that act as advertisements _mojis_, that's a great improvement.
might be a good tool except for the creepy ads. since ads we're introduced it freezes constantly. update. notification spam. thanks.
ad conference for android
u f4k1n tw4ts_ once again you send me so many adverts and i'll remove you from my phone_ understood_ and trust me i won't be alone in this matter.
what a surprise_ now microsoft has bought skype, a previously pure product is now _tainted_. it still works on a computer _mac_ but is nigh on useless on a phone, with all the added advertising and sundry junk that ms insists on foisting on its victims...
every time i try to ad anyone the checkmark to add them after i type there info is faded out and won't let me click on it to add anyone
work as advertised
ads are removed and quality of calling has improved.
i use skype a little because all my friends use facebook messenger app, now it even has video call, and you put ads on skype_ that is another important reason to don't use skype. also line is much better, original and funny.
i'm getting really tired of it kicking me off and then when i try to sign back in it says, _unable to sign in_ so then i have to uninstall it ad reinstall it... wtf skype_ _
would be 5 but they added advertisements
you advertise if calling other skype users calls, texts and video chat free. it s a lie..given 3 chances and you want money every time. false advertising
ofcourse it could be better but it still meets the expectations set for itself by the ad copy.
ads are removed and quality of calling has improved.
i like it, and it's fist on my list of messaging and video calling app. it can buffer, and end calls for no reason, and it's got adverts, but apart from that, i would give it 5 stars.
the devs finally moved the call buttons to the right of the screen. now if only we could get rid of those ugly advertisements...
good app some glitches but that's fine_ everyone needs to realize ads are what keep skype up_
advertisement screen appearing all the time is awful. really annoying. also i always get my phone dramatically uncharged.
ugly ads on a top...
perhaps work on the calls not dropping_ or the video quality being as good as you advertise
recent updates have changed my bad opinion.. smoother, more material design... overall better. 1star to 4 stars. would like to see ads removed.
this is complete trash. why the hell are there advertisements in this app_ doesn't microsoft make enough money_
besides from the fact that calls are not always terrific, the galaxy version keeps showing ads that are just annoying
i hate the ads in your app.
i got an samsung galaxy 6 can't even get a phone call i  thought it was free but it's telling me i have to pay false advertisement .am i doing something wrong this is crazy at least face time goes thru with no problem
advertisement
you advertised this as free  why is that,i know that things are  not always free. but if advertised as free it should  be free
how do i get my money back you guys say unlimited world calling but its not unlimited this is false advertisement and i like to have my money back
last update is a fail. skype is automatically logging in 2 minutes after i sign out. plus these stupid bing ads.
f_k every company the ads to there app
this is one of the worst coded apps. it's so slow in the transitions, has ads and the status badge is totally unreliable _telling both me and my friends i'm online when i'm not..._. in addition, i've discovered while connecting on skype on a web browser that i hadn't received all the messages on my phone and tablet lately. some messages just weren't displayed and still aren't, no matter if i lot out and back again. this is not reliable and thus can't be used...
painfully slow to startup, and is still slow in_app. has ads _because i'm sure m_ _really_ needs the cash _v_ and gives me notifications for things i've opted to not be notified for. in addition, it also has limited status indicators. however, it does otherwise work and allows quoting _unlike winphone  version_, has working notifications _also unlike winphone_, and doesn't have awful icon scaling when setting a new profile picture _unlike winphone as well_.
it fails to sign in, and when it may it stops responding several times an hour requiring a force stop. memory hog, extra advertising... etc.   it is just poor. i would not recommend it. far more reliable free products on the market.
i can do only two things with that_ watch advertisement and send crashes feedbacks.
everytime my skype sign out even i dont..then its hard again to sign in need to enter email ad...then u wait the code from skype too much wasted time....it that hard now_fix it
stop showing adverts on the contacts page _peoples and recent tabs_. too many choices now. google hangouts seems better quality without ads.
stop showing adverts on the contacts page _peoples and recent tabs_. too many choices now. google hangouts seems better quality without ads.
it was perfekt no advertising.... but since last update again advertising panel in app skype is one of the biggest messaging and calling services do skype really need to earn money from that small advertising panel with so many bugs_
i now get ads. i pay for skype premium _ why are ads being forced on a paying user_ part of that package was so i didn't have adverts. _
i now get ads. i pay for skype premium _ why are ads being forced on a paying user_ part of that package was so i didn't have adverts. _
crashes more often than any other app. at the start of every call i hear the other but they don't hear me until i replug in the headphones _only works some of the time_. i often have to resort to ending skype task and restarting it. skype has always been buggy and unstable, even before they added ads and pointless graphics animations. it is showing no signs of improving.
new upgrade for desktop and this app plaster ads all over my screen. will switch to an alternative program _google _ whatsapp_ soon unless i find a way to remove them for free.
not sure what all happened but i'm on a galaxy s4 and since yesterday 7_30_2015, i am having skype issues. shows all my contacts ad invisible and i am not reciving messages and all my messages i try to send put only say pending. i have zero issues on my desktop...   anyone else experiencing this_
so much has gone wrong with this stupid app since micro_oft decided to gobble it up and ruin it. timestamps are hidden by default. unacceptable. ads became the focus, making sure those work first eats into any real effort to keep the rest of the app stable and reliable. i get lag, black screens, white screens, not logged in screens. messages disappear. now it wants to do everything. opens links inside of itself, not with the installed browser of user choice. why do we users even put up with this crap_
i can't make outgoing calls, keeps telling me i don't have enough funds in my account. haha_ funny_ i distinctly remember reading the word _free_ . now how can u advertise that the calls are free, but yet u want money before the call is placed. i call that false advertising_ you're a fraud_
forces loading video ads, then crashes
i want to see what's new in _what's new_ section, not some advertisement crap_ also drains battery like mad even when it's not even started and i haven't logged on it, only force stop helps
lack of various status _only available or invisible is allowed_ and sounds for notifications not always working among other missing options to compare with old messenger from microsoft. status not working very well between devices. hopefully ads can be removed with some credits added.
annoying ads, same good voice quality, no free calls in the usa, other apps are beating them. no longer innovative.
just too many ads. give an option to remove ads and you have 5 stars from me.
i want to see what's new in _what's new_ section, not some advertisement crap_
the app forcefully run it's self even when i wanted it off.  many times it woke me in the middle of the night because of a messages.  i was using the on my tablet which i use to watch netflix and having it ring on me with no way to stop it sucked big time.  forceful apps are like forceful ad _ they make me want to give my business to your competitors_
ads every where
still a truly tragic waste of space. it does not wotk over 3_4g, it gives notifications about chat threads that have not updated, and is covered in inane microsoft advertisements begging you to use bing on a phone powered by google.
i'm paying for a monthly subscription i have no idea why i need to see ads in the app. also, it didn't sync well with the desktop version. i'll have conversations in the desktop version i won't see in the app for days.
how about making an app that doesn't suck like everything else microsoft makes.... why can't i exit the app_ edit_ more glitches and phone locking up additions. duplicate messages nonstop. keyboard can't detect the threads anymore. the ads are in the worst possible place which is clearly the intention. they don't pop up at the same time every use either. you guys have made me despise this app.
i really really love its icons and love the way it does not put advertising on unlike paltalk _y_ i hope that it will do the same in the future and develop it properly.
it pops up ads in my video calls, shutting off my video and making me wait through the ad. it puts tiny ads at the bottom of my screen, forcing me to click it and remove it because it covers my space bar. it also crashes every call i'm in.
im messages still don't push properly. the slide down ad that covers the top recent contact for a second is horribly stupid. oh, and the built in web viewer sucks. i want to open links in their respective apps_ _youtube, quickpic, chrome, etc_  the interface feels clunky, and having all the action buttons for calling below the chat input box is just stupid.
i know, that i'm using this service for free, but flipping hell those ads are annoying
1_ notifications are still not pushing the way it should be, think of delay or not even showing up. this is a very old problem_bug, shame. 2_ status of contacts in favorites are not updating untill i tap one of them and go back. even then some won't update correctly. also a bug that persists. 3_ after this latest update _july 21_ with the new look it runs much slower and isn't accelerated through the gpu or has been turned off. personally i dislike this. 4_ ms, you don't need money from ads .. remove them_
take out the damn advertising.
slow to respond on fast phone_ awkward ui_ advert layout changes designed to harvest clicks_ slow conversation last network updates_ battery hog...
i use only because a lot of people gabe already. last update cannot move in ad card
bugs, crashes and ads.
i'd like to rather pay for non_ad version than be annoyed all the time by stupid ads that i was never interested in. this sucks microsoft, you only care about money, not about happy user_ i'm using it only because there is not another app for calls on android and pc platfor. i hope this will change and i could finally quit using microsoft products.
if they somehow lowered the amount of bandwidth it used on mobile devices, it would definitely be as smooth as they advertise. but right now, it's very choppy and the call quality is not good. i have to share my internet access point with other people who are trying to call home. none of them think it's great either.
ms is getting clues. auto sign_in working now. still wish old encryption _end_end_ were put back in.  ads at the top_ i'd normally say let us pay for ad_free, but i'd never buy this app. at least restore classic features before defacing with ads. who at ms doesn't see that skype is uniquely positioned to win back favor and trust by giving us back classic skype _pc, non_bloated version_ forced updates_ not looking hopeful.
the only thing i hate is that when u look at each other it is so blurey ad some times the screan
skype frequently fails to send or receive messages from the mobile application, at least when multiple clients are signed on _such as also being signed in on pc_. i've had messages arrive days after being sent_ also, ads in an application from a company with as many resources as ms is just a slap in the face that increases load times.
the app has become laggy _ unstable since android 5.0. even after many updates the app has not improved since i installed it over a year ago _2014_. calls are dropped, the app crashes, messages frequently fail to send, notifications 'stick,' causes keyboard to persist in home screen. the app is also overall just slow _ feels unresponsive most of the time. although there's been a ton of updates i feel they're either for older android versions or just optimizing ads, which always work great.
i can't believe microsoft need to put ads in this app.
a lot of advertisement, a lot of crashes recently.
it took forever to install...and it took me to my home page ad soon as i opened it
i enjoy the great fun me and my friend have on skype but there's a down side porn  actors use this as a form of advertising
i hate ads, i really do
_startup slow _it is loading messages forever _advertisement _unreliable _not always getting notification, sometimes sending forever_not at all_ _resource hog_battery_memory_wakelocks_ _many issues and bug reports, but still not resolved _ugly as hell. even on android 5_ it still uses very old design_style_menus and almost no animations. _no material design whatsoever_ _very little customization options _group chat notifications _when i get them_ take all space on my smartwatch only for participants, not the message _no real gcm integration, no light version, closed source_api_no alternative  all in all_ no care from microsoft for android app _ i expected more from such a company. at least they could do it nicely on windows phone...  to be clear _ i am not trying to rant randomly. i make many good reviews for apps. but, honestly_ this is one of the worst apps on android i've ever seen and it rarely improves.
no typing search for contact, often does not receive calls parallel to desktop version_ no way to turn off ads
what the hell is wrong with skype_its like the most famous video calling software on earth has a decent amount of users why would you guys get ads into it_ _ i can't even deactivate them neither is there a pro version to buy...uninstalled it hope you guys do something about taking off the ads_ for now hangouts vid calling is da b_...please fix it i used to love skype.
why ads_ if ill want ur stupid bing ill download myself. why force people to use ur stupid apps_ shame on you microsoft shame on you. someday a better app with no ads will popup and skype will be history. i hope whatsapp is that future video calling app.
call quality can be very good... or very bad. does not pair audio with my moto hint and has so far been the only app to suffer from this problem. also can't believe there is advertising in a microsoft app, which just feels desperate. i'll stick with google hangouts.
used to be good without ads but now it has ads geshdammit
drains battery. ads became totally annoying. i'm not against ads, but fullscreen advertising... seriously, microsoft_
drains battery. ads became totally annoying. i'm not against ads, but fullscreen advertising... seriously, microsoft_
this duck because you advertise free app but the  moment i tryed to connect with my  daughter  you tried to charge me
not only will it destroy you battery with wakelocks, it will also frequently show full screen ads to you in the most obnoxious and irritating manner.
of course since microsoft bought skype, they had to add advertising at the top of the screen if you don't have some money plunked down with them. not sure if this is what the original developers had in mind when they promised it would always be free.
they fixed the slow ui, but the layout is terrible. when i am just about to tap on the first conversation, the ad appears and i end up tapping the ad instead. when select text inside my input box, the select all, copy, cut, paste bar appears right on top, blocking my view of the items i am selecting. very bad ui designs.
false advertising. say its free when its not.i dislike the fact all these things on internet say they are free when they are not.i think all these companies should be turned into better business bureau.
ads are removed and quality of calling has improved.
fix your app and stop making it a huge advert to do more buisness with your company. i should not be randomly logged out like this and i should not need to have a microsoft account to complete my profile. i'm not sure what you did with these last updates anymore but i cant even tell that this app is used to connect with anyone at all.
the app it self is pretty amazing no ads no nothing keep it up but... i have a galaxy tab 3 and sometimes when im in a call and that person send something in the message box it will freeze and then when i go back in the skype call i cant see my self or the person and the person won't see me
i loved this app in the past, but the changes to the online status are pissing me off. the latest version disimproves the invisible status again. my skype is switching from invisible to online all the time for no reason. seems that they just swap issues instead of fixing them. they should focus on bug fixing instead of ad support _ pay features. i have stopped using this app without an online appointment. usually i terminate it after usage now_
just too many ads. give an option to remove ads and you have 5 stars from me.
ads are removed and quality of calling has improved.
i dislike the so many unnecessary ads. and when in a call i like knowing whos in the call instead of a just the group picture for tablets. its slighty disappointing that i have to wait for the chats to load when im talking to a multitude of people. on both tablet and computer it does this. when im waiting for the chats to load i do have people ask why im not replying like i used to. thank you microsoft for screwing with skype more than you needed to.
of course since microsoft bought skype, they had to add advertising at the top of the screen if you don't have some money plunked down with them. not sure if this is what the original developers had in mind when they promised it would always be free.
not worth what is advertised worldwide. failure lot in communications especially with camera. subscriptions to calls are also very expensive. much more expensive than the carrier. in conclusion, it is microsoft.
tried to force me to ad friends i dont have right in the middle of an extremely important call, and refused to resume the call. skype cost me _2,300_ i'll see you in court_
i use skype messanger every day and go have it updated and without annoying ads like on my computer is wonderful_ but i'd appreciate the ability to turn off the bold_ italics_ and crossed out _ functions. i also don't see why _new_ messages show up as orange when i'm the one who sent them. and due to the buttons on my phone, it's too easy to call someone by accident from the blue bar at the bottom of the screen.
the app it self is pretty amazing no ads no nothing keep it up but... i have a galaxy tab 3 and sometimes when im in a call and that person send something in the message box it wit freeze and thwn when i go back in the skype call i cant see my self or the person and the person won't see me
skype i think your good but i think u can still make some updates. when i stored the app on my ad card it deleted all my progress on my account. but if i get it back i will prob give it more star
ad showing up in notifications. like i need to see a notification urging me to make a video call today. annoying. deleted.
can't get rid of the ads in this version and they are seriously annoying
hi skype_microsoft. are you on your way down_ not making enough money_ what other sensible reason would there possibly be to put banner ads in your app.
this has been working real good for me for quite a while now i don't like the way they make that bing add slip down in front of your finger right as you go to select your top contact which is the one you're normally going to be reselecting most times the little bing ad slips right in there at the perfect time for bing. makes me hate it. like i'd ever stay at that website after i get railroaded to it.
chasing the apple money means the app just gets worse and worse while the ads get bigger and bigger. things like editing a message can crash your phone and huge chat histories will sap your battery every time you open the app. i've waited eight years for a replacement to skype and it just isn't happening.
please remove bing ads on skype it's really annoying and please for god sake remove the message _this message has been removed_ from conversation history and how to delete entire conversation from skype android phone how_ cuz isn't working
is it normal to see ads inside the application_
_ sporadically looses calls while having perfect connection_   _ rings after a noticeable delay which i suspect is a consequence of wrong notification service interaction_  _ doesn't utilise proximity sensor properly _doesn't lock screen in all cases when you bring your phone to your ear_  _ _recent_ tab hangs sporadically, recovers after application restart_  _ doesn't vibrate for incoming call.  all the flaws and heaps of other will happen again and again until you guys   revamp application as a native android application. you advertise skype as a good example of universal application, however it proves opposite.
please offer an ad free version we can buy. also, i keep getting friend requests from fake people. lastly, do not sync with my android contacts.
still ads.. cheap .. never stays on... if i don't go on the app almost never get notifications.. very bad app ... still not smooth or fixed.. hard to add people..
the app is awesome is working just fine but i just don't like the ads. is there any way to remove the ads_
too easy to accidentally click on banner ads
but the ad at the top of the contacts is extremely annoying. on a slow loading phone like mine, the ad does not load quick enough and by the time i touch the screen, ad shows up and i ended up being redirected to the ad... super annoying.
i have 10.36 credit on my account. when i try to make a _free_ skype to skype video call, it's telling me i have to add more credits to make the call. wtf_ you're advertising that it's free, and the pos wants to charge me more. _pissed off service member that's overseas_
globe mobile_swing, pay per view advertising when unlocking the screen _aqwaangel enter in the first line at registration_
i came here to invite everyone to earn in his team. i never liked to this application because it does not have to do anything just advertising appears on your tablet or smartphone when unlocking the screen, it can not even watch the money credited to any. absolutely no attachments. money displayed on webmoney purse. prisoedinyaytes.udachi all.
try globe mobile _available in google play_ .there pay per view advertising. pay in euros. there is an affiliate program. when registration is required to enter the code_ z1z2z3. without it will not work_ advertising will appear remarks after unlocking the phone _requires internet_
earn lying on the couch_ drill application globe mobile phone or pc_ when registration is required to write priglasivshego_ privet84 login thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. money is actually displayed_ the app is great _
useful applications _ the registration of who you invited, register here, this nickname. buxlo especially do anything and do not need, just you on your smartphone or on your computer will be coming advertising banner that appears at the screen and everything, it can not even look you turn _ the money credited to check_ create the partners that would make bolshe.p.s. login without entering a person who invited you to create an account will not work, alas. tab enter buxlo
the most useful appendix play store it _globe mob_ reviewed to pay for advertising. all honest, no cheating_ please become and start earning. invited sondo
can't start a call with multiple people on android, but you can join calls with multiple people. and advertisements. really_ advertisements_ c'mon
skype shame i can not renew the frohsinn password degi_tirme no profile parasitic be to have stupid ads enough bee but remove leave you or you'll get the money they get skype then shame develop ads you'll do as you uygulamaya over 1,000,000,000 at you _ 1,000,000,000 you
earn to mobile_ it's easy_ install advertapp, enter code 3k3eq and get me immediately 3 rubles_ verified _ works.
earn lying on the couch_ drill application globe_mobile_ when registration is required to write priglasivshego_ kot2910 login join my team and receive a bonus of evra currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking or swing on a computer globe_mobile advertising bowl out there.
not a bad app once upon a time. then microsoft got hold of it and made a hash of it.  suddenly having a clear list of who is online is made awkward to find, even though that's all we want to see. ads... ugh but we knew it would happen. annoying. there seem to be changes for changes sake. check the settings, some things are hidden there. and nothing much has changed.
there is a great application with a quick daily income, globus_mobile, you have to set class pop_up advertisements when you have a smartphone or tablet, when invited become write _rada2011_ all begin to work in euro currency
the ad expands down cause accident clicks. i always feel tricked and super irritated. my phone will still try to call my friend's ipad even though i've already accept her incoming call. for some reason, this results in my phone vibrating like i'm receiving an incoming call.. also, when the video turns on or off during a call, sometimes sound output quits headphones and go to phone speakers.
lately, the conversations are not updated when you have the application open. i had problems at work because of this. the ads are simple to the point of being scams.
sets advertapp application to perform tasks, and earn real money in the account invitation code 4t6ho
the most useful appendix play store it _globe mob_ reviewed to pay for advertising. all honest, no cheating_ please become and start earning. invited sondo
on the day of victory_ the most useful appendix play store it _globe mob_ reviewed to pay for advertising. all honest, no cheating_ please become and start earning. invited sondo
advertapp application download other applications, and you get the money that can be transferred to the balance of the phone when you log into the application to enter a code and get 1r2sb 3 rubles from me
no more remember, if you stop not to pape resources must always login_ advertising also can not turn off even if a stop in settings_
earn lying on the couch_ drill application globe mobile phone or pc_ when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. the app is great _
santei86 nick invitation. of kuban all welcome at globe. earnings without investment. at the expense of a mobile phone have enough money. so it does not have to do nothing. just look at advertisements and get the money. the more we have the team s top for you. good luck everyone. more money_.
good app globe mob for earnings. no need to spend hours at the computer to click and simply block them with your gadget and advertising there _only 1 time at unlock_, and it does not appear the robot and drip dengi.prisoedinyaysya pijion, reinforcements around _ _
enter your invitation code 2d7md and get 5 rubles to the account in advertapp application.
skype has become quite ill. after the last update i can no longer receive messages on the phone. and it is not quite sure the phone or the compound. calls are also not possible. but apparently cares anybody here because nothing changes. had bad if you still should pay for it. fixes the defects and let the advertising away then there's more star. 05_08_2015 now it makes even extending it will be better again, otherwise ma can uninstall it right.
you are all free to watch escho advertising_ other long been prepared for utb utb dengi.hotite learn how to create one_ the play store application download globe mobile and install it to pay anything nenado.pri registratsyi lead, asked_ mrkoval and zarobatyvayte
well advertising all clear
there superzarabotok, globe mobile without attachments for viewing of advertising images, get paid evro.mozhno transfer into your account banka.prilozhenie card works in the background on your phone, tablet, kompyutere.odin like your account and do not need anything popolnilsya.delat .vvodite name alik invited without it zapustite.stroyte your income as you like, no heads and other zamorochek.udachi my data inside, write help sovetom.alik _alex_
less real money. even i will not prove anything. decide for yourself. the app is called _advertapp_ mobile earnings_ easily get 10 to _ 100. per day on the phone. to get a starting bonus _ enter the code _8j9pb_ _introduced after advertapp installation_
reboot the phone slows down, advertising, long boots
cumbersome, advertisements, last line does not meet expectations ....
i find it questionable that an application like skype offered by a company like microsoft is obliged to pubs. but the worst thing is the quality of this advertising_ _ a display with the look_and_feel resembles skype and that makes you want to click, did believe that there is a notification _ points to dating sites with pictures of naked women is at limit is spyware. a little more serious would be appropriate.
from version to version of the work, do not work _ie, video, microphone_, then it will work. i stopped on the third version 4pda. the new interface is horrible. startup unnecessary. after a crash, can not log in again, it is necessary to restart the phone. and now vkoryachili advertising. you urodtsyyyyyy _ and as it is now to get out of skype, without leaving the account _
please remove ads from the app for better working of it
rare gavnetsom was, after buying the borg. that advertising shoved when koji kilobits on the account, but now does not work _ only records of missed calls pokazavaet. bravo borg_
earn lying on the couch_ drill application globe mobile phone or pc_ when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. the app is great _
i propose to make a viewing advertising_ it's free and you prosto.zhdu in his team, my nickname mumin.
he discharged himself. the network is not sitting. push does not work out. after some time, goes to sleep, then closed. where are all the advanced settings_ stump some ridiculous. please return the old version, which you can change the size of your window, exit button. and to remove the logo from the screen, or to take his place could shift the window ... in the beginning via wi_fi will ship long contacts and their avatars ... more advertising and ridiculous appeared
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ simply poevlyaetsya advertising and laykaesh and they give you the money
it does not work on dual sim. mixes contacts. in pursuit of the advertising application it became very heavy. bad_
it's a shame because, for work, i have to use this application continuously. it is a disaster. i lock the phone, most of the time comes i later message notifications and conversations are also cut continuously. besides advertising put it that way. i do not see why microsoft so desperately need to sell advertising.
really ugly interface_ the app has got a bad performance_ annoying ads.
register at globe mobile and earn money evro.pri registration prefilled invited ed0905.vs_ running in the background rezhime.svoih not invest money nado.horoshaya increase to the salary and pensii.eto just best place to advertise.
i'm sick of these innovations are_ advertising, repeated requests to log in _ turn on vayber.
it is not clear who is where and when all this is over ... those who do not show online or displays selectively, when he called _ then show online people or not, sometimes even only testing service online, it is necessary to restart, golimaya crap, even with advertising, there is no possibility of the group call
what ads is painful and that attempting to change your picture on android skype you out with a pathetic resolution is worse
download the app globe mobile, register and almost nichegt not do only once a day, see ads sanek74 input during registration. you will not regret
there is a great app for zarobotka called globus_mobile. i do not need anything. just close the advertising that comes when you unlock the screen, and all dripping denezhka _ when you register you can enter the name of the invited _ ivo _. either zaguglit_ ivo.globus_inter p.s.ne require any investment, let's get together, that's enough to look at how others do it_
you are all free to watch escho advertising_ other long been prepared for utb utb dengi.hotite learn how to create one_ the play store application download globe mobile and install it to pay anything nenado.pri registratsyi lead, asked_ mrkoval and zarobatyvayte _
earn lying on the couch_ drill application globe mobile phone or pc_ when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. the app is great _
my life is ruined acose of this ad, iquation
appendix _globe _ mobile_ allows you to make money without making almost no effort. you just need to install on your smartphone, tablet or computer application and look unobtrusive advertisements that appear when unlocking the screen, and put the like. for this you will come money_ _ when you register to enter login invited_ _cvetik986_.
in answer advertapp pay 7w1vv enter code and get right with denishku download play market
is awesome_ you can play and talk with friends at the same time and you could not pay for minutes _ a league of legends game and you can play you and a friend to look at the game and say where's the team that makes the enemy and not to be caught in an ambush _ _ adrian vicol, we c_c_m you and other fools like you _but i swear this ad can be seen by younger children_.
hi ad, pls add more function to call group. i cant call group by smartphone. anway thanks guys to bring this app for all. thank u so much. sincerly
entering proxor23 and earn money simply by looking at the advertising globe mobile
earn lying on the couch_ drill application globe mobile phone or pc_ when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. the app is great _
you are there in your very sdureli borg_ _exit_ is now changing uch_tku, auto login is removed, this advertising dostavuchy ... optimizers monetizatory_fucking.
do you want to receive money from the ad viewing_ download the program of the globe, check, specify seregakir.
earn made easy via advert app application. simply installing the application on your smartphone, you get money_ when registering please enter your code and immediately invited 2k4dx your account will go from 3 to 10 rubles_ simply register no bonuses will not be_
the application class but the old version was much more surprising. i want to offer you a new salary system was created in 2013, globe mob, there is no big deal and does not need any investment you just need only to click on the ads when the phone is unlocked and all who enter the registration you invited maks04036 .vozniknut questions please write to the pm. ps he recently earned one day 0.00126eur_
there is too much advertising and too many bug 5 stars if you remove some of it especially skype who misled us
with each update only worse. adds some useless stickers, emoticons, advertising, and talk normally does not work _ constantly flies, with loading messages, too bad
direct calls started to use skype by default instead of dialer. deleting app preferences doesn't work. if i delete skype _ the issue is gone. if i reinstall it _ issue is back. in skype community faq or forum there is no answer for this. no other messenger or dialer does not write itself in default settings without asking. also i don't get any notifications about new messages, if skype is in background. all other messengers does. and my main page is very colorful because of ads. wtf, microsoft_
niec.ad.niec
advertise in the annex and unstable work
each reply nelpon, ga can see that on the phone .. but that on the phone can ngliat who nelpon .. why_ ad who can answer_
there is a great app _mobile globe of play marketa_ and most importantly to set do not need anything, just look nenavyazchivayu advertising that appears when you unlock the screen, you put like and get denezhku.chtoby profit was more than invite your friends, acquaintances, etc. currencies euro_ home enter when registering_ samusov and start earning_
download globus mobile app and get the money_ register by code dovey and start earning euros_ only viewing ads while using your phone or tablet unlocked. passive income_ money displays. do not divorce.
attention_ globe useful mobile apps _ enter your username, _buxlo_ when registering_ tab you who called, register here, this nickname. _buxlo_ especially do anything and do not need, just you on your smartphone or on your computer will be coming advertising banner that appears at the screen and everything, it can not even look you turn _ the money credited to check_ create the partners that would make bolshe.p.s. login without entering a person who invited you to create does not work, alas.
the globus mobile app my login name _ sumy. do not have to pay, try to have fun and you will not regret_ i advise everyone, really i liked this app, for unobtrusive and sometimes even useful advertising, real payments _euro_. according to the current exchange rate is a very worthy, registered under my username _sumy_ and we will make together _
remove ads or paid app without advertising release.
remove ads or paid app without advertising release.
download globe mobile and sign up in the box who invited write _mar82_ theme unreal month 5200 euros. hurry to watch advertising, because neither of which do not only have to include your android off, and check balances.
last updated completely spoil the program_ often do not appear on the notification messages when folding_unfolding can be a very long time to admire the white screen is not displayed during sending messages ... ten tons of advertising, crawls the entire screen, and three tons of brakes. in general, everything is bad. a_ do not download this crap, if you value your nerves.
cade calls and free msn_ false advertising is a crime.
you want to earn while lying on the couch_ drill globe mobile app on your phone or pc_ when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. start earning money with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. the app just super _
there is a great app _globe mobile_. you look unobtrusive advertisements that appear when unlocking the screen, you put like and get the coin. currency in eur_ during registration enter the login invited _serg8108_ and start earning immediately. good luck_
145mb footprint _ advertisements_ too many competitors with similar and well performing apps_ rebuild this please_
1. when you send a request to friends and immediately write a message instead of the standard _hello .... etc_, then later it turns out that your message has not gone _2. very slow boot_ you press on the dialogue, and in this time there will be advertising and opens a browser with downloading this advertising _3. you can not adjust the volume of the conversation _at first it was the rules out loud, and then something happened and it was impossible to talk _very quiet_ normally you can only speak in headphones .. and it does not any inconvenience
earnings without investment advertapp _ invitation code 8p2ou, write code and immediately enroll money _
this app not like other app there's so much advertising.. it good for family bonding
globe mobile app, where you can make money, and in evro..prosto see ad .. register under me mencha
works good._ there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive advertising banner that appears when you unlock the screen on your phone or pc, to put like and get more money_ currency in euros_ during registration enter the invited _iramiz74_ and start earning_ p.s. login without entering a person who invited you to create does not work, alas.
after updating advertisement appeared. terribly angry.
too much advertising
ad updated again. my ad slow.
the class of the program_ and for those who want to earn viewing advertisements from your phone, i recommend skachyat with market_ globe_mobile and sign up on the invitation_ zlat888 going strong team with earnings of up to 82 euros per day_ join us and invite your friends_
there is a great app _globe mobile_. you look unobtrusive advertisements that appear when unlocking the screen, you put like and get the coin. currency in eur_ during registration enter _serg8108_ and start earning immediately.
ever forget that terrible advertising, which microsoft certainly does not need and does not work correctly on nexus 7 video call and video spoiling proportion of it.
autouts_ hd calls _depends on flow rate_ rather fast and functional it messaging. disadvantages_ payment by google wallet missing to buy skype credit_ advertising _ heavy application and very long to start _very powerful phone_.
145mb footprint_ advertisement s_ too many competitors with similar and well performing apps_ rebuild this please_
remove the damn ads _
you want to earn while lying on the couch_ drill globe mobile app on your phone or pc_ when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. start earning money with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. the app is great _
download advertapp, when you start enter 1r3gg, small earnings you provided, and toys there are not bad_
after updating advertising constantly goes on vebir that lee go, ispravte clean is not possible to conduct a conversation
heavy app, sends and receives messages extremely inconsistently, no option to turn the emoticons off, especially since they don't even have the same meaning. _come on, since when does _i look like anything other than nonplussed_ the ads constantly cause me to bait click them by popping down into the spot the most recent message is displayed _really clever design decision that, for farming clicks_
no advertising, i have skype on your computer on your phone and on the tablet put 5.
i've been using the previous version of skype and everything seems to work, and have a friend just updated with advertising and glyukami.on said that moves to tango.
earnings in euro _ subscribe to globe mobile. join ovc2005.nichego team deal_ just close the advertising window on your phone or pc. during registration enter ovc2005 name. the best and easiest earnings _
set yourself advertapp _ and there are no questions, i recommend _ payment for the installation of any application money _ immediately _ download a whole, you will not regret
when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. application class _
please offer an ad free version we can buy.
finally can have a cool application _mobile globe_ there is money for viewing advertising bannerov.login ayna201.prisoedinyaysya_
the app is excellent only negative is constantly moving into advertising please correct _
this is better and safer than facebook and it adds plusup. just bothers me ad
the problem i had long only sporadically in the mobile skype, but since my update was imposed on the pc, it is available on both devices. even when the pc. skype now puts me constantly of invisible on online, why me heaps of people write especially if i am not just close the phone. i use invisible because i am clinically depressed and ads sick to avoid overstimulation. thanks to this bug i have to choose between freedom and social stress handling
i love this app, really useful for seeing people, and doesn't lag up my phone unlike other apps like snapchat.. only query is a tiny thing, the buzzer used to be really strong for a notification, was great because it meant i didn't fall asleep on people talking to me, but now with the weedier one i always fall asleep_'_ also the advert on laptop takes up loads of space _ i'm never quite sure when i'm online or not.. but really love the app_use it most days, thanks for making it_
earn lying on the couch_ drill application globe_mobile_ when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ kot2910 join my team and receive a bonus of evra currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking or swing on a computer globe_mobile advertising goes there bowl
flies, buggy and advertising_ correct
when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. class app _
you can not delete chat history. should indicate when they read the message when it is sent and received and when they are writing. they should also eliminate advertising within the application.
i regret that i updated. this version is worse than the previous one _ for some reason removed autorun when entering the program. if this _progress_ is the logic _ obyasnite.dopolnenie a week later. developers _on skype,_ do not read reviews, would otherwise removed from its site spam advertising from trolls. strange neglect ...
earn lying on the couch_ drill application globe_mobile_ when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ kot2910 join my team and receive a bonus of evra currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking or swing on a computer globe_mobile advertising goes there a bowl_
ad oh, stars k logs can delete messages on your phone using this tweak, need this feature to ensure privacy
when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. great app _
when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. super app _
well, damn updated on his head, one advertising tortured. so do not rollbacking. 1 you _
this attractive golden app is very nice i like it this is well from others apps. i have fond of it ........my suggest is to administrator that give some ad's _ features...
no more video messages crashes everytime, cant call out anymore w_o credits kills battery missing emotes ads should i keep going even my gamer buddies hate this program on pc its know to interupt fullscreen games
phai purchase credit cycle or why not borrow content ad dc wifi
the message disappears advertising interferes
and my recent conversation with call break occurs at i and 2 nd wi_fi network subscriber stable, i noticed that the conversation lasts a maximum of 10_15 minutes, and remove the damn advertising that pops up at the bottom _
should indicate when the message has been read, also when you are writing, add stickers and an option to remove the advertising within the application as it is quite annoying.
there is an application in which i have zarabatyyayu 20 euros per day_ globus mobile. to install, enter a avdden and immediately receive a cash bonus and start to make a non_intrusive advertising that will appear remarks just a few times a day. and once installed does not need anything_
when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 and get a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. super app_
hi guys_ excellent earnings on the passive viewing of advertising globe mobile app_ works really not napryazhno_ payments have doubled_ great team_, try and let drip money, check_writing invited dimarik8672, good luck to us_
appendix globus mobile .. earnings easily unlock your phone ... when advertising comes .. one has only to put like ... you must be registered on the site ... charges instant 100_ no cheating _ for registration you must enter a nickname invited. .. if it is not difficult to write my .. _gloomer_
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive advertising banner that appears when you unlock the screen on your phone or pc, to put like and get more money_ currency in euros_ when become lead _olegon74_ and start earning_
i inadvertently install
globus mobile application making a great advertising_ when you sign up enter a nickname crash888 just laykayte or block ads when you unlock the screen and all _
globus mobile application making a great advertising_ when you sign up enter a nickname crash888 just laykayte or block ads when you unlock the screen and all _
android user for years, worked great on all products until latest update. i don't want to shutdown this app every time i sign out and have to reenter log in credentials each time. no one else uses my phone. suddenly, i'm not getting notifications of missed calls while i'm logged in and i miss chat messages while i'm showing online when i'm not. when i am signed in, i get no notifications of messages. why couldn't you leave well enough alone_ oh, right. you wanted ads.
advertapp application. 3a2kv code at the entrance. all russian and easy withdrawals. and apptrack application code w1738.
there is a good application globus mobile_ no investment, you can earn 15 euro a day just for the view, unobtrusive ads when unlocking the screen. when registering, specify the name of the invited shurik7351 and start earning. good luck_
for advertising
there is also a good prog globe mob nickname to join the team savr zarobatyvay money on advertising
1.a sometimes i can not log on and i have to uninstall and reinstall to log 2.muchas 3.arreglen notifications do not reach this 4.si had similar application but without these defects would this apk 5.and in the pc sharing screen is very lagueado 6.vuelvan to be increasingly worse before 7.lo understand the ads annoying but you have to earn _ but otherwise fixed
there is an interesting application for the globe_mobile earnings from advertising. you just have to download it and sign up. earnings based on the husky advertisements or click on a link. globe is one of the best of its kind, a withdrawal is made in euros. during registration enter the code_ cadmus without registration code is not possible. good luck in earnings _
problem with sending pictures, advertising....
just zae _ ali_ piha advertising and communication wheezing _ 50 megs of memory is not bold_ notifications clean who will_ in short, a lot of minuses. hangouts far behind in functionality. not yet finished the tox.
advertarr _ and there are no questions, i recommend _ payment for the installation of any application money _ immediately _ download a whole, you will not regret.
this program was only famous for advertising.
there are great deals _globe mobile swing through the play store_ there and install, not what you need_ just watch nenavyazchivayu advertising, becoming lyke and get more money_ in euro_ when you register _it becomes a question of who priglashon_ in the lead and starts kapoli zarobatyvat_ ................................... ....... do you own business_ looking for buyers_ i present to you the globe mobile. very simply all prihodish stavish you register your advertisement and the entire world sees your ad
there are great deals _globe mobile swing through the play store_ there and install, not what you need_ just watch nenavyazchivayu advertising, becoming lyke and get more money_ in euro_ when you register _it becomes a question of who priglashon_ in the lead and starts kapoli zarobatyvat_ ................................... ....... do you own business_ looking for buyers_ i present to you the globe mobile. very simply all prihodish stavish you register your advertisement and the entire world sees your ad
do not delete messages my ad
and just enough flaws and more with this update added. where delhi autologin _ i pass on the older versions. and in a review, you have one advertisement.
why_ why apps are being so bloated and stuffed_ unnecessarily_ now we have calc apps that need access to gps and bt and have dropbox function... what the fk its a dam calc_,  untill users don claim about this this will continue untill you have a powerfull 4 core 2.5ghz phone and 64gb of rom that tcan barely run a messenger app and a photo viewer..  when the whole ofice suite in a full size desktop pc can fit in 400mb but there are android equivalent up to 500b and can barely run the basic docs extentions with way less functions....  this is clearly the programmed obsolescence, thats the rrason why interests drove palm pda to bankruptcy, because with a 4gb car you cpuld have everything_ docs to go is way better than any office crap for android and was only 19mb_ dont tell me that dropbox, bluetooth ad newer fancy fucntions would bloat those apps to 200_ ita size.... this only remember me the the pied piper of hamelin...
the location of the call button appears to have been chosen by some seedy supervillain to give you inadvertently again and again, and last but not least, with the latest update, nonsense design the space dedicated to text is absurdly small. if there was an alternative to using microsoft and skype accounts, would cease to use this application without hesitation.
when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 and get a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. super app_
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive ads that appear when you unlock the screen, becoming the like and get more money_ currency in euros_ during registration enter_ alenaburykina17 and start earning_
i came here to invite everyone to earn in his team. i never liked to this application because it does not have to do anything just advertising appears on your tablet or smartphone when unlocking the screen, it can not even watch the money credited and will love all denezhka drips. then print out at his own expense. prisoedinyaytes.udachi all.
guys, i recommend you to download _advertapp wonderful app and earn real money, here's the code 647773, invite all
what the hell are these ads disguised as a skype feature_ there should be laws against this_
advertising tries bitches ..... _
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive advertising banner that appears when you unlock the screen on your phone or pc, to put like and get more money_ currency in euros_ when become lead _olegon74_ and start earning_
advertising that does not go off. another trick mrkwosoftu ... opting out that it is necessary to re_enter the username and password. deleting whats is 100_ better
they have introduced advertising in the latest version. ademar bad. and uninstalling. i will use google hangouts.
excellent app. but there is another steep globus_mobile. when you register to enter login invited login11 .and earn money that laykaesh advertising when you unlock your smartphone. at first i also thought that the nonsense. download and convinced of the truth. money is dropped into euro _ join us and together we will make _
here it is possible for free to earn money and spend it in the games, to pay for paid apps_ just when the gadget screen viewing ads appeared on the show ekrane.posle euros on your personal account. during registration, the first field to write who invited you. without it, the registration will not work _ write my nickname vystrel and invite more to us in a team of people will be swimming in money _
download globus mobile cool theme_ and the attendants can raise and printsepe the one who has more friends in even more attendants_ the bottom line is that when rrozblakiruesh phone advertising takes off and flick of her finger to cancel_ and your sch_t refilled_ and so each time as soon as you turn on your smartphone_ when you read the registration statement for more understanding of the program. during registration enter the name of the inviter iscra2 before the meeting in the application. if something is not clear you will always inform smozhyte chatting.
false advertising unlimited calling 1 free month of skype.
design could have fit under the fifth android _ advertising podbeshivaet
here's a program for earning globe mobile excellent work_ enter _butik55_ is the login when registering_ and feel free to begin making the euro. especially do anything and do not need a cell phone on you will come and all advertising, not even you can watch it _ money credited machine_ create your team that would earn more_ the application can be installed on a pc or laptop.
should indicate when the message has been read, also when you are writing, add stickers and an option to remove advertising as it is quite annoying.
here it is possible for free to earn money and spend it in the games, to pay for paid apps_ just when the gadget screen viewing ads appeared on the show ekrane.posle euros on your personal account. during registration, the first field to write who invited you. without it, the registration will not work _ write my nickname vystrel and invite more to us in a team of people will be swimming in money _
_1 point for advertising, which did not exist before. _1 for the authorization program exit. _1 for the status of the network but is not there _for those who have turned off not only skype, but android tablet _1 for the blocked money in the account after 180 days skype total 5 _.. 4 _ 1_deserved point in assessing but. it was once the best software for communication. it is a pity. it appears when you restart the ps device _without leaving skype_ authorization is maintained.
so i wonder what moron thought to this, cancel the authorization _ always think well if you do update is always the best, but here in tobi.a my mother all said bu as _hacker_ hands povykruchuvala who came up with this _mother 60_ pity wife and other senior people_ i thought i was the only one, and then the mass of comments, you even read them _ the main thing about advertising dybilnu not forget_
new layout wasting useless space on the phone. app starts with getting google play, which makes then battery flat. since then taken by mikrigsoft, the app is increasingly becoming a juggernaut with pointless funktioneb and advertising is not.
when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 and get a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. super app_
bright web ads too_ pit_ father_
take you advertise_ in the heart_ none of this messenger is not_ delete adds_ please_ avatars and why not_
ohrenet che do_ what the guys every time it is necessary to request the code _and i have it falls on a soap that does not use the phone_. i'll go on with viber vazapom. see for yourself the advertising
impeccable to speak with the family_ but mt advertising_
when leaving lose your password. guzzles battery. advertising stuck, rogue.
principle ok, but there is sometimes a lot of advertising
it lags because of advertising, and always enter a login and password annoying.
well, that's on skype advertising appeared. furious_ 1 star for reklamu.posle last updated every time you start it is necessary to enter the password login slag full_
poor advertising of _this ...
it says it's free, but it's not. only the first month is free. then you have to pay a monthly subscription. way to false advertise. i wouldn't have even given it 1 star.
everything was awful and disgusting. with each version getting worse. advertising more. he became like a porn site.
every time i try to send a message or call video it says i have no credits ... yet it clearly states _free_ im  and _free_ video calls ..... so what is up with this false advertising  ....  did i read it wrong because i thought free meant you didn't need credits to use it _
like it no bugs or ads for me just a great app if you see this  should download it
shit piece. with advertising.
and the first thing meteis is advertising_ for that i prefer hangout
i inadvertently aug. download igc
so i wonder what moron thought to this, cancel the authorization _ always think well if you do update is always the best, and here on you yibysya.a my mother did say so bu dolboyobu hands povykruchuvala who came up with this _mother 60_ pity wife and other senior people_ i thought i was the only one, and then the mass of comments, you even read them _ the main thing about advertising dybilnu not forget_ in apologize for readers to have _
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive ads that appear when you unlock the screen, becoming the like and get more money_ currency in euros_ when become lead _olegon74_ and start earning_
here it is possible for free to earn money and spend it in the games, to pay for paid apps_ just when the gadget screen viewing ads appeared on the show ekrane.posle euros on your personal account. during registration, the first field to write who invited you. without it, the registration will not work _ write my nickname vystrel and invite more to us in a team of people will be swimming in money _
there is nothing no ads not beg ...
temporary dc video call quality, better line. but did not see his picture in the corner of the screen. looking forward to overcome early ad
steadily digressing ever since microsoft acquired skype. absolutely bombarded with advertisements and quality on every device non ms is declining. this app has constant disconnects, delays, and drops just like other reviews have reported. i know it sucks to hear but skype is no longer a solution, it is time to seek elsewhere for a better application. i am not looking forward to this but skype is done for.
should indicate when the message has been read, also indicate when writing and adding an option to remove advertising as it is quite annoying.
was a denim jeans .. still .. ustelik shamelessly demanded strict on advertising ...
global target advertising _ consulting education to open a self_confident and we are looking 23 years older colleagues to our home or the office
it's too swoige ah there are no ads pub maleresemen but i is not the cose of righ paren me quen it is his pala i cenmeme f 'i know quif apelli
i have one so much advertising_ _
if you like to inadvertantly call people in the midst of a text chat, then this is the app for you. the tap_to_call button would really benefit from a confirm feature to verify if that accidental touch was intentional or not.
cool will create a song where facebook, twitch, twitter, whatsapp and skype together is. _should no advertising represent_
listen to those who want to earn extra money advertapp download the app and enter 6g0lt code and get up to _ 100 on your account. money can replenish your webmoney purse, or your smartphone, some people rowing on the 1000 rubles per day
excellent app. without investments. no expenditure. install the app and earn. view advertising when unlocking the screen. payment in euros. during registration enter_ aleksandr86
globe mobile is a program that pays for advertising when unlocking the screen to start making kolian39 enter when registering
model_ lg g2. microsoft has fixed a lot of the problems i had before, but i'm starting to see ads again. ads are frustrating. the only other issue i have is skype sitting in the background and draining my battery even after i _kill the task_. you apparently have to fully log out to fix this issue.
the only thing left is to make mobile groups from the otherwise perfect and remove those ads xd
i loved this app in the past, but the changes to the online status are pissing me off. the latest version disimproves the invisible status again. my skype is switching from invisible to online all the time for no reason. seems that they just swap issues instead of fixing them. they should focus on bug fixing instead of ad support _ pay features. disconnects now always when display is off_ it's getting worse with every release and is useless as im now because it gets messages only if sender details are open.
when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 and get a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. super app_
it is very good, more inadvertently ended uninstalling application and now i can not reinstall only the erro.affsssssss how do you get re _
http_advertapp.ru_ on this website you can make in 15 minutes 30 river .nado download the application on ios and android play store in there. sam checked the truth. at the entrance to enter the code is not a big 6y0uq prebavka. all codes pr.ibavka same well, enter my rv_ admins sori_ money can be transferred to the kiwi, phone and web mani. this will not prevent 30 p on the phone_ a week can earn about 200 _ 300 really. i get bored when removed. well, try it .
well, with the launch of skype have always difficult, and the battery eats well, just a little too much. that's what i wanted to clarify why, after tripping _permission from melkomyagkih advertising_, advertising continues to open, and will not disappear_
when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 and get a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking
skype is great if you like ads and crappy phone apps.  i have to use skype for work from time to time, so i install it, use it, and uninstall asap.
it would be great if indicate when the message is read and when you are writing. they should eliminate advertising within the application or at least add an option for those who want to remove.
there is an application where you can earn. globe mob laykaesh advertising and all, and _ drip. i invite you, my nickname kris82s, are included in the registration
when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 and get a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking
this fine, but is flawed and calls locks and not by the internet but so is q and sometimes have ads ....... _
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive ads that appear when you unlock the screen, becoming the like and get more money_ currency in euros_ during registration enter_ alenaburykina17 and start earning_
there's too much advertising in addition to skype contacts are added to my contact list, making the dense display. finally, the application that was previously legere in memory space and system impact has become overly heavy _92 mb when installed_. _nexus 5, android 5.1_
frightful banner ad very intrusive touch on menus and activity. skype does not work out on android. and in addition the description of the app is a lie_ the photos do not indicate the existence of pub.
u fail everything_ skype has become an advertisement for google hangouts. how could take and prosrat kklassny this product_ 4 update row skype does not work. wbcs.
did you know that there is such a site globe mobile. on it you just smotrish advertising and you will have one of 0.24 euro. and it is for 1 ad but i in my group give gamna more. when you need to be skipped regestrirueshsya who write preglosil danichananich write you in my team, i believe in you _
did you know that there is such a site globe mobile. on it you just smotrish advertising and you will have one of 0.24 euro. and it is for 1 ad but i in my group give gamna more. when you need to be skipped regestrirueshsya who write preglosil danichananich write you in my team, i believe in you _
well done calling with there is no problem but please make the advertising off the nerft something
there are no ads i can chat with my friends and i can see when i should not see too well, so they are _happy_
while advertising will be a unit.
crashed always when i login to skype. bad quality and automatic sign in option removed.  hate to ad my user name and pass every time.
during registration enter uninvited guest nkolai8 nezaregestriruetes there should be nothing to download pay per view advertising
excellent work and esch_ya already paid 15 euros per day in the application globus mobile is not doing something, simply set the app srl register for free when registering indicate that you invited rebrov1985 and start earning on advertising
the only changes i have seen, is how skype still notifies me about messages, even after i have signed out, and more ad spaces.
here it is possible for free to earn money and spend it in the games, to pay for paid apps_ just when the gadget screen viewing ads appeared on the show ekrane.posle euros on your personal account. during registration, the first field to write who invited you. without it, the registration will not work _ write my nickname vystrel and invite more to us in a team of people will be swimming in money _
people install globe mob app make money do not need anything just with the release of bodies to be sometimes a picture with advertising close it and you come about the money but let a small freebie_ you only need to download the app and when zaregatsya become specify my nickname waw continue to write all your try this really cool people invite friends and earn even more _
in ios poneis no advertising.
i could immediately see and know someone ad d'where
it always shows people as online though which are not at all online _ i have tested it with 5 contacts _ mainly advertising works that's soooo important _
install advertapp program, enter the code _ 5k5tk, and get a nice bonus _
hk goi lai ma star decomposed connection phuc z ad..khac cell hybrid
globe mob laykay advertising bablo received at registration specify nick olegaa1
are you serious with ms to allow these headbands camouflaged advertisements notification_ ...
globe_mobile. earnings from viewing advertising. login at the registration and54nsk
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive ads that appear when you unlock the screen, becoming the like and get more money_ currency in euros_ when become lead _olegon74_ and start earning_
download here advertapp application, enter the activation code 7u8dn and start earning money. the introduction of the code gives you a bonus of 3 rubles.
this app didn't used to be so bad. but now i can't tell when it was that i received a message. it only says _today_ or _yesterday_. also the ads. no i don't want to get the trivago app or whatever it's called. i just want to message people.
get like me 300 rubles per day, shake advertapp, enter the code 0b8lm, and get 10 rubles for free.
at the same time threw himself globe mobile application. they pay real money for a 3_second viewing of advertising. we communicate and earn _ i recommend to all. register at globe is by invitation only, my login ksani.
i love this app because i find it incredible that we can see and hear what a through a screen, even if it is at the end of the world_ in short, i put five stars, too, because the ads are at the top of the screen, then you do not mind _in my case._ they do not apparaitssent suddenly as other applications _ i suggest you _if you have family abroad._ install skype.
the control panel constantly your advertising. _download skype_ mda
irritating to only one thing_ during a call always works proximity sensor, and therefore off the screen by swiping your finger near the sensor. so when you do not talk on the phone, and video calling that's the eternal blink when inadvertent swipe your finger close to the sensor is not happy. would that you could during handsfree it off, it would be 5_
i love them no ads at the top
_ there are excellent annex _globus_mobile_ .a main install anything not necessary, just look unobtrusive ads that appear when you unlock the screen, becoming the like and get more money_ currency in eur _ during registration enter zagorodny and start earning_
it has a lot less ads than oovoo and the web site is nice and clear.  but it does not run as well as oovoo and it sure could use desktop share like oovoo.  very simple to use because there is not much to it.  people with little tech experience will like it.
why do you shove your ads into the spot where my recent conversation was just a second ago_ also your pc client sucks.
how to disable this ad _ since the update i have always adverts on conversations. what shoud that _
how to disable this ad _ since the update i have always adverts on conversations. what shoud that _
i came here to invite everyone to earn in his team. i never liked to this application because it does not have to do anything just advertising appears on your tablet or smartphone when unlocking the screen, it can not even watch the money credited and will love all denezhka drips. then print out at his own expense. prisoedinyaytes.udachi all.
me on my tablet no ads no bug i love.
there are steep prog globe mobile, zaroblyay on viewings of advertising in the registration requests to withdraw nickname bossa26
go even one that starts after handcent sms is around skype makes the appearance of advertising _ a shame. i do not know what becomes pjd android applications but at this rate everyone will flee ...
advertapp application. 3a2kv code at the entrance. all russian and easy withdrawals. and apptrack application code w1738.
who has not ever dreamed of, easy to make calls with friends, without having to pay what_ unfortunately, there are advertising and often do not work for some functions.
ads......
all the worse, and advertising rates. developed you are not the only 'oovoo ito better as a conference micro i myself can write to flash
i really dislike the ad's triking you into believe it's a normal function of skype.
galaxy s5 _ do not update to this version _ uses chat bubbles and no timestamps. impossible to use for work. loses connection, will not re_attain, have to close using task manager and log in. will not auto login. skype advertises for use in your business and this version removes all that. unusable....
add friend request accepted but there is access to contacts and is not even written, it added to the contact list. zarobotat for everyone to download the advertising globe checking in at registration specify nick iirokaznik
advertising is a negative compared to what the competition offers, most of it is often for dating sites
quickly became loaded only ads, rather than the application. always enter the login and password is simply a step back ahuenny
there are great deals _globe mobile swing through the play store_ there and install, not what you need_ just watch nenavyazchivayu advertising, becoming lyke and get more money_ in euro_ when you register _it becomes a question of who priglashon_ in the lead and starts kapoli zarobatyvat_ ................................... ....... do you own business_ looking for buyers_ i present to you the globe mobile. very simply all prihodish stavish you register your advertisement and the entire world sees your ad
there are great deals _globe mobile swing through the play store_ there and install, not what you need_ just watch nenavyazchivayu advertising, becoming lyke and get more money_ in euro_ when you register _it becomes a question of who priglashon_ in the lead and starts kapoli zarobatyvat_ ................................... ....... do you own business_ looking for buyers_ i present to you the globe mobile. very simply all prihodish stavish you register your advertisement and the entire world sees your ad
there is too much advertising and too bug but still 5 stars
want to earn _ download the app and register globol mabayl, for every advertisement you layknite comes to 21 cents, enter the registration chapter invited ivaev
i like skype _ whether on pc or mobile phone, it does the job perfectly. the advertising is annoying but is acceptable as skype generally yes is after all free.
beautiful beautiful aasita ad valorem
i came here to invite everyone to earn in his team. i never liked to this application because it does not have to do anything just stavte like when there is advertising on your tablet or smartphone and all denezhka drips. then print out at his own expense. good luck everyone.
where auto_login_ why advertising_ where exit button_ rukozhopy. carry your phone.
since i change my laptop it works great no ads
text on a blue background. down silly_ with each update becomes worse. advertising dobavyly.
there is a great app _mobile globe_, the main thing that did not need to download, just when unlocking the screen, you will come advertisements, which you just need to close it. for this you will earn the money in euros. important_ when rigistratsii vitaly2015 enter and start earning_
not a full range of status, advertising, there is no privacy settings, neltzya application even shut down forcibly.
anyone know how to remove skype announcement. comes onto the tablet or cell esque when the ad appears to me the tablet is locked and i get everywhere not only web pages but also in the main menu porfa if anyone knows to say
remove advertisements please _ when my companion video call me vidit.hts m8, android 5.0. how to fix_
after the call to gs4 proximity sensor remains active. it is necessary to restart the phone to fix. yes, even the application was built with advertising. a shame_
skype more and more frustrating. in the last update we removed the function of closing the program exit. tell me, why do i need it hanging in the processes_ to ate battery and brakes_ or constantly sent to the nsa's data_ they say advertising _ the engine of progress. well would it hung quietly and did not affect the work. first we add it to the pc version. now and in the mobile. in the pc version of the first hung in the bottom of the program and not be distracted. now hanging in every dialog box_ and advertising nastola
someone like, and i have everything works fine, only one minus of course a lot of advertising costs.
long loading advertisement ... _
the application weighs a lot. call button is located on the foolishly _ often accidentally pressed when you just want to write a message. after the last update the pop_up advertising _ remove it _ it appears not only in skype, but also in other applications _eg, vkontakte_.
this is generally complete stupidity. and intrusive advertising.
developed, call at least one advantage in this so_called update. or do you think that sitting down fast battery advertisement appeared and, especially, authorization prikazhdom input _ is to improve the application_ if not corrected, will bear tries ... d _ the blessing now have enough decent alternatives.
with the new update added advertising ..... no comments.
advertising furious and removed autologin
microsoft could not stay away from ads and ads. that is worth a star and immediate removal_ goodbye skype, viber and whatsapp welcome_
i unchecked the ad but it still pops up. please fix this issue or make a pro version.
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive ads that appear when you unlock the screen, becoming the like and get more money_ the euro_ during registration enter_ coolvolt and start earning _.
duration on, nerve advertise with contacts ... the mobile version is no longer used by me. on pc i run skype yet but here are the wannabe experts of _microsoft_ screwed up ... deleted app and switched to hangouts
put 1 for advertising
remove the plate from inadvertently skype, now with the re_installation refuses to put it all _ developers correct _
advertapp application. 3a2kv code at the entrance. all russian and easy withdrawals. and apptrack application code w1738.
i stopped working skype. enter the login and password is included in the account, followed by pop_up ads and throws back to the page for entering the password and login. and so the circle. resetting does not help.
loved has even advertise in the movie ninja turtle modern d _
are you so poor that they are forced to push in your app advertising_ enrages incredible_
there is a great app _mobile globe of play marketa_ and most importantly to set do not need anything, just look nenavyazchivayu advertising that appears when you unlock the screen, you put like and get denezhku.chtoby profit was more than invite your friends, acquaintances, etc. currencies euro_ home enter when registering_ artur22134 and start earning_
brought with them a banner with advertising and the ability to leave the network when you turn off the phone's screen.
there is an excellent app globe mob where you can easily earn money without investment just comes to you on the device you put advertising like you paid for it, check my nickname wecost43 enter and start earning_
i found a great advertapp application. it is possible to make money on the installation of applications from 2 to 30 rubles. home enter the code invitation 0g6xv and you add multiple tasks and 3 rubles credited to the account _which you can instantly bring up your phone or webmoney_.
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive ads that appear when you unlock the screen, becoming the like and get more money_ the euro_ during registration enter_ coolvolt and start earning_
when registering, enter a nickname _aga1987_ and start earning or anything difficult to do not just need to install the software globe_mobile, checking when registering do not forget to specify the username of who invited _aga1987_ and, in principle, it is the most difficult_ next to you will come advertising razblakirovke the phone you can not watch it but the euro will have on your account so that the forward derzayt
there is a good program of globe mobile _play market_ download the application you are registered simply browse the ads you put like and earn money. earnings in euros. when registering, enter a nickname_ next440 _ it works
advertapp otlinoe application. on the day, you can earn a very easy 50 rubles. enter your invitation code 7s7db. and then there is the globe mobile login vikulia8890
for fucking ad
i installed it just because to me it always jumps in mobile advertising. i still did not have her odklikavat, better get it installed, even if i do not.
at the same time threw himself globe mobile application. they pay real money for a 3_second viewing of advertising. we communicate and earn _ i recommend to all. register at globe is by invitation only, my login ksani.
there is a great app _mobile globe of play marketa_ and most importantly to set do not need anything, just look nenavyazchivayu advertising that appears when you unlock the screen, you put like and get denezhku.chtoby profit was more than invite your friends, acquaintances, etc. currencies euro_ home enter when registering_ kutyrev and start earning_
excellent app, you can also install mobile globe, where you can make money watching ads, refer to the nickname safalan
awesome but the ads tho _
would there no advertising give who the really good and it would be nice too bad who gives notification who go online or offline
and when he inadvertently sign you have to uninstall and reinstall
cannot video skype threw any of the 3 different tablets_ alsp says the app is free_ yet you need credits_ false advertising, will never recommend, waste of time ,i'm undownloading,thanks for nothing_
do you want to make money on the phone and netolko_ download prillozhenie with play market_ advertapp, enter invitation code_ 9m2xm and get me immediately 3 rubles. check all, only this brings money _ it's simple, ustanavlivaesh application vypolnyaesh not challenging assignments and poluchaesh real money. i wish you all good luck _
it is worth it since the last update be accompanied by viruses and sexual advertising
get like me 300 rubles per day, shake advertapp, enter the code 0b8lm, and get 10 rubles for free.
eve must advertise skype
what is the point in the mobile version, if you do not get the message_ when skype is minimized, an icon is displayed at all times that i online. this is despite the fact that sometimes the phone off. i'm not talking about the acknowledgment of receipt messages when skype is minimized. they come after a rain thursday. so, if you expect an important message, it is necessary to open koldovatb over skype phone, and god forbid something inadvertently open another.
i just pretended i clicked so why have advertisements and poriso are not pop vo
earnings on the internet on advertising. globus_mobile. no cheating. waiting in mortalys55 team
the app works fine zarobotok certainly not tens of thousands but still there it is absolutely all is simple_ clicking on banners pop_up ads and get _ .if registration on the site you need to specify a nickname person that is already registered, enter my nickname tritoha getting access to our team and to small privilege_nakopivshigsya to withdraw money, quantity banners views per day which is not unimportant factor incomes for, as well as the secrets of how you can triple your zarobotok for every second sutki.udachi_
love skype. great messaging and communications m program. just waiting for it to become more universally free. oovoo free, but sluggish. you gonna get your advertisers and business association and alliances with the big communications provider's. then everyone will want to associate with and ally and advertise with skype. you will get your money_
stupid ads. very very very annoying. i had no choice but to download this app cos it kept pooping up every minute. so so angry
good for menemukn friends and advertised .. success always skype. bus and car rental packages 7efa3de1 082 145 250 866 jogya and selitarnya city tour out of town okay online.
hi guys_ rock the globe mobile get me 2 euros free of charge. yes, but a little free. current write my nickname _mymy_ when registering. just 3 hours earned here and share with vami.eta program gives you money for something that goes advertising click like and all the money at the unlock screen fell on your account in evro.igry all there golimye and install a program does not move to a third_party nado.i websites also .udachi you patsantre_
an easy way to earn a little money_ you have ads appear on the screen, you close it and get paid for it _ so download the app and see everything _ to register you can enter the name of the invited, enter _chemoi_ _
that commercial movement down the button to _0, 8_ forces me to constantly click through advertising and zhazel game.
there is a great app _mobile globe_, and most importantly do not need to install anything. the essence of the work is that you get paid for viewing ads on your phone or on a computer _as you wish_, that you can just shut down and do not move on to the website, the money you will still get. get you'll not millions, of course, but if you get a group of people that i am now doing, is from 1 euro and more per day can be produced. adds to my team. during registration enter_ evgnmin and start earning.
where you can look at it _ stop advertising is not synonymous. microsoft do your homework ...
guys, there's an app called globus mobile, there just after unlocking the screen pops up a non_intrusive advertising and you dripping coin in euros, agree today with the course registration is kruto.pri enter my nickname_ hastl1 and you'll be on my team, unfortunately without that you do not get up_ appendix cool, you can earn without tension and poking. good luck_
cool app. i can recommend another _ globus mobail. with it, you can earn each time the phone is unlocked _ there is advertising picture, press a class and see an increase in account balance in your account. withdrawal to webmoney. to increase the income of a referral program up to 7 levels. free application. login invited _ vladis36
found a new way of incomes for free without investment. this application _globus_mobile_ .skachivay zarabatyvay.delat and do not need anything, just looking at advertising and get the money. currencies euro_ during registration enter the name of the invited _ str0ng and you'll get a bonus. let's get together_ p.s_ without entering the name _login_ invited _str0ng_ registration nedostupna.zaintrigovalo_ then poprubuy himself _
i would find it better if there would be no more advertising and also you should see even if you are not on skype online if anyone has a posted. because you often call might have missed one could also install that you can see if someone writes.
4 because a lot of advertising. let's talk about the one _col_. advertising further 3 completely lag_2. 1 can_t invite friend, generally one word shit
with girlfriend second hour trying to find each other. found. send request. no one will be displayed. call does not. f _, not the application. and the advertising of youtube generally keep quiet.
when registering, _who invited_ enter alexgod, without it not zaregistrirueshsya_ here reward for your computer or smartphone, computer_smartphone on _ you go finance_ earnings in euro_ without transition the sites_ the program looks paid advertising, but you get the money_
everything is working_ in the play there is an application store mobile globe. his need to download and register on the site. thanks to him, you can earn money for viewing advertising right on your phone_ what i am doing. during registration enter my nickname garryvolchara in the field invited.
everything works, but annoying advertising.
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive ads that appear when you unlock the screen, becoming the like and get more money_ currency in euros_ during registration enter_ antonov13 and start earning_
the class of the program_ and for those who want to earn viewing advertisements from your phone, i recommend skachyat with market_ globe_mobile and sign up on the invitation_ zlat888 going strong team with earnings of up to 82 euros per day_ join us and invite your friends_
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive ads that appear when you unlock the screen, becoming the like and get more money_ currency in euros_ when become lead _olegon74_ and start earning_
you add ads, you get 1 star
there is an opportunity to make money and nothing to do with it. globe mobile app, install, firends, pop_up ads _ cover it all. passive income. during registration enter _off55_ this is important. good luck
have not used skype .uvidel advertising on youtube about the auto_answer feature is very convenient. instead of the ip camera can be left on any device which have skype and viewed on any distance.
there is a great app _globe mobile_ rock will not regret. just look unobtrusive ads when unlocking the screen, and puts like earn coin. payment in euros. when registering, enter rysik1983 good luck_
there are great deals _globe mobile swing through the play store_ there and install, not what you need_ just watch nenavyazchivayu advertising, becoming lyke and get more money_ in euro_ when you register _it becomes a question of who priglashon_ in the lead and starts kapoli zarobatyvat_ ................................... ....... do you own business_ looking for buyers_ i present to you the globe mobile. very simply all prihodish stavish you register your advertisement and the entire world sees your ad
there are great deals _globe mobile swing through the play store_ there and install, not what you need_ just watch nenavyazchivayu advertising, becoming lyke and get more money_ in euro_ when you register _it becomes a question of who priglashon_ in the lead and starts kapoli zarobatyvat_ ................................... ....... do you own business_ looking for buyers_ i present to you the globe mobile. very simply all prihodish stavish you register your advertisement and the entire world sees your ad
they keep out ads that cut the conversation
awful lot of advertising every 5 seconds gets advertising and horror horror horror again_
balance free to see advertising code to receive 20 pesos qs36c balance telcel movistar users and iusacel
in principle, against the background of recent years skype became not so terrible _not including advertising, of course_, but in general _ rolled. valya other im
advertisement add an event_
earn up to 86 _ per day watching ads_ globe drill_mobile application on your mobile. entered in the field _your sponsor_ _ microlena and get their money from the first seconds_ nor any attachments just advertising.
it weighs a lot, status displays correctly, no notifications, advertising sick _disabled in the settings_, shorter spoiled_
so why only english full ad
effective implementation without any bug or advertising can be discussed simply and organization and the design is very advanced. i recommend
ga ad antecedent comen
worst video calling. much of problem with advertising..also facing microphone problems
worst video calling. much of problem with advertising
very good app. but user never want adds in this app. advertisements may interrupt feel good.  so that i degrade two stars from previously given 5 star.
enjoy your week end of this page and click help like a good idea to advertise your company
just to get rid of bing adverts
while there are some annoying ads, this program is simple, reliable, and quality. the features are only improving too, group calls are free and there's a spell checker built in now.
the quality of video call is very poor and does not clear as that ad.
skype still the worest chat app because of low resolution of profile avatar and the ads which showing in the app. you cant compare microsoft apps with google apps becuase google have an opend mind and smart.
this app is slow and uses tons of resources. it also recently started showing ads.
call clarity, but running in the background more cost electricity. also the news like the advertiser to remove the window
i like that i didn't see any ad's.
the app is great i like it, i should've give you 5 star but you disturb me every i open it's your ads that's why i gave you 3 star.  since i've already install this, please stop sendind me your ads.
they introduce ads in app..
this tone if you call someone and the whole time advertising
ok.nhung massage place that ad tn
pubudu ad
i can't believe if skype started selling ads.its really annoying and frustrating.
in only telephony_ wenns goes ... it's very clear. but ... crashes frequently. about mobile network impossible. loading takes forever. throw to the wall_ supplement 2015 .... only to delete. although no advertising etc. but the connection sucks and breaks constantly from. my contacts received my calls nie. and i do not half of your well.
advertising extremely annoying
pubudu ad
i thought this was free_ i had it before. and now its telling me i have to purchase minutes_ i don't understand_  they advertise that this is free_  wow is all i can say _
go n fuck urself. u display ads ads n ads on each n every page of face book n web page. i can not work due to ur ads. i m very bore due to this non senceness. lot of curse on u. i hate u. go 2 hell.
only the advertising nerft
previously skype was better. now the call quality is poor, the design is not beautiful, comes a lot of advertising and has become even slower.
the advertising is annoying and the online startus not grht
in heavenly, always subject_ guangming, this pop_up ads harassment breaking stuff_ pit father
hello, skype is actually a good app, which unfortunately consumes too much battery. the advertising bothers unfortunately. you can not adjust much, on the pc there are many more settings_ messages are not always received with me. callers to a skype _ call can not add one_ one can not see a busy or absent themselves. the only thing that's good works the sending of messages_ you arrive quickly and are received.
remove ads
just the de_nucleophilic _ ads
lately it no longer manages skype to detect its online status. the advertising is displayed, but that was about it. various tests and numerous settings changes showed that i have to restart your smartphone, so i'm really back online. for me unacceptable, especially since skype can confirm the right even to be allowed to register the mobile phone itself.
there are some flaws_ let's say you have a net, wi_fi, but step down from the network itself. so other people see that i'm not above. this version, before i was glad that the missing _bing_ advertising. the 24 th update is back. _ pls repair the network connection to delete problems and bing advertising_
advertisements and again just ads. price with that_
advertisements and again just ads. price with that_
it was ok if you do not put too and an advertisement.
the advertising terribly annoying_ quickly take off _
not least, it is hopelessly old_fashioned advertising in the app, then it is also morbidly ugly and spoil the otherwise sleek design. it's almost enough that i am considering removing the app. make a pay version where you can get rid of it_
why is advertising on skype_ misery ....
skype, needs no advertising. this is known vsichki.blagodarya application.
i use it for group calls and when i open a different app such ad internet browser or facebook, the call will cut out after a few minutes and i have to go back to the app and rejoin the call meaning i have to stare at the call screen and cant do anything else like apps etc when in a call. this is on the s3 mini. il give 5_ when its fixed
no technical support.  this is supposed to be a free service but every time i try to use it it says i have no skype credit.   so i paid for 3 months of skype service.  once again i can't use the service because i need to get skype credit.      not sure what's going on but from my perspective it's not a free service _as advertised_.  and, it has not been very user friendly.
ads
so i call my friend, it freezes we call back no audio.. i exit out and delete from taskbar still nothing then sign out. i hate this app. if your a big company than make it better. dont advertise on youtube or ads in genera, if it isnt that good.
so i call my friend, it freezes we call back no audio.. i exit out and delete from taskbar still nothing then sign out. i hate this app. if your a big company than make it better. dont advertise on youtube or ads in genera, if it isnt that good.
remove ads, i will be more happy. and also improve the ui
see if it works or pure advertising
why do i have to pay for what is advertised as _free im and video calling_
it's not free_ false advertising. if it is, they sure make it hard to figure out. screw that i will use _glide_. it's really popular in the deaf community.
sometimes the picture is so pixelated we can't see faces, rural server problem.  _since upgrading our server, we have beautiful picture and enjoy seeing our animated and active little darlings well.  so happy we have skype to help us stay in touch with our military family members. thank you skype and advertisers on skype_
after making the switch from ios to android, i've noticed the ios version has more features such as the option to change your status and there were no ads on it as well. the skype app for android really needs these features because its not fair ios users has gotten this but not for us, which mostly have android on different brand phones.
takes ages to load, quality worse than phone call eventhough bandwidth magnitudes higher, fails to show notifications, ridiculous ads. tldr_ you're better off uploading a youtube video and sending it to your friend.
oh now you update it_ to late, _2 stars for false advertising. it said a few months ago _in the coming weeks you will be able to add your phone contacts to skye_ that was in like july, and it's january.
i downloaded this app on my stealth g4 trio tablet tried to call someone n message them it keeps popping up that u have to buy credit...in app it says it free calling n messages...if it's free then y u have to buy subscription or credit...people get sued for false advertisement
app is garbage, all attempts to communicate fail. the ads work perfectly. atleast they got that part right... what a scam. razor, kindle fire hd, lg lgl34c don't work with this app. good luck in the future though...
first is unacceptable to find advertising in skype. then, the app il slow, difficult to control and to understand. and it is too heavy for the phone. and it doesn't sync with the _linux_ desktop version.
my feedbacks from 3 months ago_ 1. ability to clear all of the messages from the recent tab with one click. normally you have to clear them one by one and it is irritating. 2. the contact filter listbox is crashing when clicked. i guess it's due to in_app ads or something. also, i don't know why you suddenly decided to put ads in your app. i use skype for 7 years and i like to keep intouch with my friends. it's been aproximately 3 months since i talked to a live chat representative and we created a report together. he said that he would send this report to so called developers. but the developers like to update just for nothing it seems. you should either listen to our feedbacks or stop doing this job. i give 3 stars.
but its so many ads please fix
has the potential of becoming the best app ever, maybe except youtube and google now. all that is needed now is advertisement. you have the potential of having 1 billion users while you are stuck on 100 million.
i used to use skype all the time and then download it again and now it is saying it cost money. do not advertise as free im and video calls because you don't_
i cnt automatically ad friends they told me enter my phne number i did an they saying that is wrong number wen its my phone number they ask me for an i give it an worse u cnt even log out, wen u do it still shows u log in. i delete it an went to d browser an download it bk frm there an its d samething, dis is crap yo
chinese mainland will push advertising, annoying.
doesn't update conversations from pc and has annoying banner ad in app
this app makes me realy easirer for me to call anyone because i just know it is gonna be free. bcs of ads removing one star. nice anyway_
high data usage, bobble information, does not start automatically, often permanent background wash, but also put graphical ads.
cumbersome, advertisements, last line does not meet expectations ....
great app. no annoying ads. keep up the standard
i don't  rate  apps on playstore but after i tried couple of launchers _paid and free_this is the one most satisfying experience. great customizations , lots of themes , and icon packs work hand in hand .i  use the  free version  witch is working flawesly whitout any annoying ads or pop ups _ thank you
just very simple and fast. and clear. and lovely. and no ads. and easy to navigate. i mean, i could go on.
ad free, customizable and themes supported.
love this launcher. the description and screens in the play store weren't too descriptive, but i kept discovering little hidden gems, like multiple apps on the same bubble, customise and _ add bubbles. some beautifully done themes. and no ads. so grateful that these amazing guys give out such a stalwart quality product for free. kudos_ my needs keep evolving, so i'm sure i will purchase the product at some time, and its bot too much at less than _4. this far, i'm pleased as punch with this app.
great, never buggy, no ads, perfect with one word_ extremely suitable for samsung phones_
it's still the best launcher ever, no ads, easy to use and set up, can customize icons, themes etc.i always come back to this one.although there are a few different things to download aswell, it uses virtually no memory space,_that's good on a xperia aqua_and it uses no battery.no glitches, or freezing, always my no1 choice.10_10.super.
your launcher is amazing, easy to use and all my stuff is easy to find, and icon packs are easy to use_ has no petty ads that ruin your android experience_ keep it up
every time i watch a story it exits me out of it and a lot of pop up ads fix it please
i add filter but the geofilters are not available for some odd reason.  i'm using an app called snapchat geofilters however i'm a little irritated  because i had to pay to have pro version so i have no ads.  however lots of people i know have android phones and they didn't have to add the extra app_. otherwise  i love the lenses and all the other fun stuff i can do.. please fix this problem for the geofilters.  i have  samsung galaxy s6  with os version lollipop... please fix this problem
i personally think you should ad and group chat or something in that idea.
i can't use the slow motion ad fast motion _
you the creatures should ad calling to it and fix the problems that happen on galaxy's the face changer lags a lot very good to
theres no problems at all just a lot of adverts but apart from that its amazing
i hate the stupid ads. when i open a snap story of some event you always pop up some trailer for a horror movie. dafuq is wrong with you people_ bunch of idiotic ads. at least do it based on the viewers likes.
i wish someone with a brain would take over this app , its filled with ad's and bugs and just gets worse with every updated _
download this is so damm slow but others social media can download ad fast as they could .
i understand that as things get more and more popular, more people will capitalize on them but snapchat shouldn't have ads for area stories. that's just stupid.
ads
my ads hurts thoughh.
ugh, you guys have ad's now.......also video rarely works ..it takes a photo in video quality  instead..
me and a few of my friends have noticed that sense downloading snapchat our phones will very randomly open google play to a random app. even if snapchat is not open. you can be on the middle of a text and it will load up google play. i don't know if this is your guys way of advertising. but it is incredibly fristrating. i love snapchat but because of this i'm seriously contemplating deleting it. please fix this_
its so good, the things is there is a lot of ads but i still love
doesn't get rid of ads when upgraded to premium. also no in app help
ive noticed these past 2 days every  time i use snapchat and have it run in the background, i will be on a completely different app and a sprint advertisement video pops up from snapchat. this is not cool, its actually pretty annoying cause i use snapchat alot
just fix the ads that is all i am asking
super video chat no glitches barley any ads i love it
detected as a pua woth admob and intrusive ads
my galaxy s4 is not old enough to not be able to get an update for an app. this is ridiculous. i use snapchat for everything. i use it instead of my camera, then upload it to fb and instagram. free advertising. i'm going to stop using it all together. if someone sends me a snap...i'm going to take a picture with my camera and text it to them.
i have a galaxy s5 active and since the new update when i send pics it doesn't go threw wifi but it will off data i recently just got a new router all ports are open since mines rigged for gaming and they won't send and recently just got a new router bout 2 weeks ago worked fine for the first week and then update happend ad now it wont.
it just seems like if you don't have an iphone you don't really get the updates that y'all advertise . _which by the way is against the law_ but it just seems unfair and that y'all really need to fix this _equality4androids
you expect me to pay for the facial effects_ what a crummy move by snapchat. either make the app one time paid app for less than _5 or keep it ad driven like it currently is.
will noy use since you charging. will not risk child buying anything here.  you're already putting advertising. should be an option to hide they pay ones.
taking away what everyone likes about the app to make more money. the focus should be on all the apps issues and compatibility with devices first anyways. is the income from channels and advertisement not enough_
have an lg g3 and still no new filters.  why advertise something that folks can't use_
ad the rewind for androids. stop being iphone biased
i wish someone with a brain would take over this app , its filled with ad's and bugs and just gets worse with every updated _
love this app but i don't have the rewind and other filters ad its fully updated.. i have a note 3
why can't android uses get the sam feaures _ i've been wanting to use the rewind ad faces but cannot _ please fix this _ _equality
i thought i would be able to find women to add outside of my own address book.  it seems like its all advertising different meeting sites
where's the reverse filter for the note 5_ is it hidden_ once again. snapchat failing. newest update. newest phone. still don't have all the options you advertise.
it's just basic snapchat no new stuff as advertised _with lenses_
android users should just boycott the app by uninstalling it until they give android users the same privileges apple users get. snapchat really won't listen to us unless if we uninstall our apps until they fix this. although the company may discriminate in regards to the features their customers receive, they do not discriminate in whose allowed to contribute to their overall profits from installing the app and viewing their sponsor's ads. if we want a fair app, we need to sacrifice the unfair one for a bit
great app loved using it... but every time i had it installed i was bombarded with ads and virus warnings. eats data and gets frustrating.
very good, no ads works well_ _
i love snap chat but i hate the advertisement videos they interrupt my snaps and i don't get to see all of them._
not fee as advertised no good
my snaps are not loading.. this is the third day having this issue, i have alot of friends using snap chat and they can't see my snaps ad they won't load. if this issue is not fixed i will not be recommending this app to anyone, this is ridiculous
quality gets bumped down to whatever they feel like, adverts are dumb and no food snaps, clowns.
not able to take videos after 6.0 android marshmallow update nexus 5 . please fix_ you guys have the nexus 5 on the advertising of your app here on the play store and you still haven't fixed it._ come on._
the face grid on my s5 has different faces every day and i don't like that i can't get to the other face ad ons like the scary face
so now they work, but where are most of them_ where is the rainbow puking one or the iron man one which i've seen advertised everywhere_ is it an iphone thing again_ they get the good filters and we get the crappy, half assed ones_ i would seriously appreciate a response.
stupid ads. give me a way to pay so i don't have to deal with the stupid ads they interrupt my snaps i don't get to record or play snaps when the ads pop up
took away story timers. added more _discover_ ads. 1_10 don't update
a bazillion ads and bland pics. no thanks
the android galaxy s4 phone is easily capable of the new update just released containing the facial features_gifs_video fx. there currently is no excuse to why s4 users can't use this new update, snapchat please explain how the s4 is technologically incapable of this update_ otherwise be transparent if you have some sort of agreement with apple and are getting paid off by them. i've not seen any android users_brand new phones included_ able to use this new update. iphones only it seems. false advertising_
i dint understand how everyone that i know who has and iphone can have the update, however, even though you falsely advertise that the update, e.g those face things, work here it's completely untrue. i wish you guys would just make the app identical on both android and iphone
its unfair how ios snapchaters habe the update and androids dont work false advertising i would rate it a 5 if it worked on androids
false advertising as i cannot use any of the new features on my brand new samsung galaxy s6 edge_ which is the latest android device but my old iphone 4 can _dissapointed_
it has ads
it works as intended but the developers are cheap sell outs with how they put sponsored ads everywhere and put the discovery stories intrusively right at the top _in the way of my stories_ of the story page. only reason i still have this downloaded is because a few of my friends use it...
used to love this app_ but now it sucks _ am prolly gonna uninstall_ thanks to how long it take to load all the stupid ad stories it takes forever for the stories from my friends to load_ which sucks_ also, don't get notifications that i have a new snap for hrs or sometimes days later is such a waste_ thanks for ruining a great app_
i got a report saying i can't use third party snapchat app. but it is because the snapchat app fails on me sometimes so i can't do anything. what the fuck. so now my snapchat has been sending random advertise links to all my contacts_
how about you let my friends stories update before your stupid discover and live bullshit. i honestly don't want to sync those ...ever_ just using our data to promote your ads.
stop saving fallout ads to my device_
it used to work fine. then you added all the bs companies and ads and now it won't work. i've uninstalled and reinstalled and it still won't work. i can see me getting snaps but it just loads infinitely and no one gets the snaps i send. do you people even read these_ everyone is having problems and you don't fix them. here's to you going the way of myspace.
i love snapchat, since the latest update soon ad i open or try to take a snapchat the phone now dies even on a battery and when i turn the phone back on it had 1_ bat and has to be charged again
this app is 100_ free unless you use the snapcash feature, otherwise this app has had a couple problems but since they added the _news feed_ on the story page i haven't had a single issue _but thats my opinion and im on a galaxy s5 so whatever_. keep it coming and love that it's free without any ads _
it won't let me ad friends
loading ads i have and never will watch before friends stories, even with the new 'travel mode'. almost at the point were it's unusable, just endlessly waiting and loading....
loading ads i have and never will watch before friends stories, even with the new 'travel mode'. almost at the point were it's unusable, just endlessly waiting and loading....
instead of going on a long rant, i'll just give a list of all the niggles i have with this app_ crashes a second after opened half the time,slow notifications, unable to hide _live events_ which are just ads, videos sometimes come up in black, with only sound coming through, lack of filter choice, the fact that you can't delete chats from a year ago and worst of all, the apple_android bias. it's obvious that apple are doing a deal with the developers to drum up business for apple which is unbelievably shady
analytics and advertising services provided by others  we may let other companies use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies on snapchat. these companies may collect information about how you use the services and other websites and online services over time and across different services. the information collected may include unique device identifiers, device manufacturer and operating system, ip address, browser type, pages viewed, session start_stop time, links clicked, and conversion information.
i love snapchat on my ipod and it works fine but when i switched to android i can't send a message to anyone because the task bar _back button, home button ad multitask_ blocks the text bar. i can't type anything. very very annoying. please fix this or if anyone knows how to fix it please help.
my snapchat isn't working i can't watch my stories or other people stories , it only started acting like this after this raggedy ads update until it's fixed i'm eating it a 2
let us hide the stupid stories that are from events instead of our friends. most people never watch those. also, hide all the discover advertisements on the stories page
like most people agree, this is designed to look and feel like the boring, colourful, fruity, iphone without any of the advantages they receive. they update frequently with bugs in almost every update, you can't type horizontally for video, and at the times typing in landscape will not work _the letters superimpose over my keyboard on my nexus 6_. also the discover features are redundant, its the snapchat way of doing ads and throwing useless pop culture in your face.
let us hide the stupid stories that are from events instead of our friends. most people never watch those. also, hide all the discover advertisements on the stories page
this app is ok, but to make real money, you need to get advertapp_ there i made like 15_ per day with no affords at all.
now there are ads.
why can i look at the message ad many times as i want_ if i could do that it would be 5 stars but until then i'll give 4
bloated and ad infested, 10 megabytes of it
thank you for fixing mobile usage draining. take those discover ads off the main stories page and that will equal 5
this app gets worse and worse with every new update it churns out. first it was friends' stories, which i don't care about. then it was stories from random pointless events around the world, which no one cares about. then their advertisers paid to be showcased in _discover_, and now it seems like they only care about their advertising space. way to sell out, snapchat
does what it's functioned to do. has something flaws though. still lacks a _send to all_ button, we don't need to see the advertised accounts _they have their own page. why bog my story page_, and i miss being able to clear the live streams from my stories _why was this ability even removed_
y does it take so long to load all the stories and there are ads for games and shows that pop up and ruin the stories that i'd have to watch all over again. please fix now
it was fine and now it doesn't let me log back in. when i was in i couldn't see snaps and could not ad my own snaps. please fix this.
snapchat, the idea for this app was genius. not as formal as text or email, doesn't use a lot of data, and i love the fact that there are no ads. i realize you guys have to make money, so do the discovery thing, i don't really care, but give us our best friends back. that is how i added new people, and it was great having that. please bring it back_
ever since last update the videos are slow and complete before i watch them. it won't even load majority of the stories on my list but i can open up the advertisements fine which is weird.. please fix because i'm about to just uninstall it
can't turn off advertising. chews staggering amounts of data and takes so long to load i can't even view my friends snaps. nice one assholes.
loved it but adverts keep coming up
i don't like the ad's
with all the updates they've made a bollix of it by putting up all the live feeds that you don't want and can't delete and then the advertisements slow it all down so think it's time to get rid of it
thanks for moving the discover spam to the top of my stories and for removing the ability to hide live advertisi_ i mean live events. _sarcasm
if listening to users isn't ur speciality then at least make an option to download stories or discover ads on wifi cuz my data is about to run out due to the discover ads... please listen_
can't watch anyone's story because it'll freeze and skip to 0 seconds, even on the advertised garbage
i enjoy this app and i get the chat and everything, but some of the updates could do with a little more explanation. unfortunately, the little tutorial video is gone now. but besides that, the app runs smoothly with few issues. _it would be much appreciated if there was a report button. i keep getting ads and the current system in tedious._
the ads are kinda obnoxious and the videos aren't playing. other than that amazing.
can u cram anymore advertising in our faces_  not a fan if this discover crap.... what a waste
stories load fast finally, thanks_ now stop loading discover and live stories before my friends stories. i want to see my friends stories, not your crap advertising or international events first. load those after. also live stories should go to the list when they are done, not sit at the top. how do i know when the story is done vs having new snaps added if they both act the same in the feed_
snapchat has been slowly _improving_ the app so that now it's forcing ads and stories and news that we don't want down out throats. and reliability... no_ it now takes 3 or 4 tries to send a snap. i'm ready to move onto the next hype app _periscope, insta_
since the update it kinda sucks. eats a bunch of your data of you're not on wifi because you can no longer stop ads from downloading.
snapchat developers really came out with a one of a kind app so i say squeeze in a few more ads you deserve it
discover kills load times, _live_ events are really just ads. horrible update. can't even get stories to load because i have to wait for discover and live to load first _which i have no interest in_
playing videos doesn't work, and the problem hasn't been fixed for months. i used to have a galaxy s3 and the issue still persisted when i got an s6 active. also, i hate that they force you to see the discover stories, which tend to be lame ads.
latest update sucks, discover feels like ads now, _ has a banner and another fullscreen page.. also live stories are auto loaded and can't be hidden smh
i hate to see the advertisements and cant get rid of stories from random plaves i dont want to see.
very bad update with ads _
get _ for simple action in advertapp_
it is actully a really good way to comunicate with friends and family and doent have ads or glitches. really worth getting.x
i'd prefer the traditional ad box on top instead, it takes up less space.
bloated and ad infested, 10 megabytes of it
i use it to talk to friends and be social.  i think that they should test their updates a bit more before sending it out and make their advertising a bit more subtle but i use this app and enjoy it so i would be remis to give it anything less than a 4 out of 5.
if i post a story, have several discover stories, and live stories on the stories page, all that content takes up almost half of the screen, which makes the app very unintuitive for new users as well as existing ones. if i'm honest, if snapchat continues to promote more ad content and passes them off as features, i don't think i or many other people will want to continue using the app. it already is very cumbersome, which goes against the very appeal of the app, simplicity, speed, and elegance.
new version is extremely demanding on data and phone's resources. when trying to view stories on latest version it loads all the discover stories and live stories before your friends so it eats up data, and takes forever. sorry snapchat sold out and is now bulky and slow, with more advertisements.
too many ads
the forced advertisement of nat geo, mtv etc. is so fukn bullshit. i understand you have to make money, but we should have the choice to not see those stupid stories. facebook already lets us see shit like that, way too much.
i love it it's awesome ad also now i my phone has all my social media
best app _ love it quick no ads _
its suddenly not opening ad there is no update to sort it out.. no fixes no nothing.... sort it out please....
used to love using snapchat to send things to friends, post on my stories, but the constant push of discover and live stories make this already badly coded and fragile app bloated and useless.  live stories autodownload and there's no opt out feature, so beware if you're not on wifi. a simple option to turn them off would be great, but the snapchat staff is so out of touch they think that people actually want to be advertised to. no one wants discover and live stories. stop trying to make them happen
a perfect app ruined by features and ads no one asked for.
i was never a fan of the discover feature, but it was hidden in its own tab_ i could ignore it. now you're making advertising more important than social interaction_ the basis for your app. and i can't hide live stories anymore. i understand the merit to live stories but 99_ of the time i don't care, so please bring back the option to hide these. beyond that it's a great app, but these two things ruin the experience.
they made it to where everything you want is gone this app is for them to make money through there ads and stuff not for us. it's handicapped the user. this app isn't worth the free download they would have to pay me to keep using this
bloat and advertising
adding discover to stories is dumb and pointless. i know y'all are trying to make ad revenue, but adding redundancy isn't going to help.
does anyone know a app better then snapchat now_ whoever owns snapchat sold themselves to these companies to advertise on discover and its annoying. i cant load stories anymore,kills my battery, and i cant upload anything anymore. what happened_ snapchat sucks now.
i understand 'discover' generates ad revenue for you guys, but the content shouldn't be forced to the top of everyone's stories page. at least android users have the option of installing an older version. which, i'm about to do.
the update is terrible, forced into viewing advertisements on stories page now, another app consumed by commercialism wooooooo
i luv all the new updates but i don't get the eid al_fitr filter on snapchat,can you please get me the filter,idk how to get it,my location is on and everything,idk really want the eid al_fitr filter......and also please fix the discover n the advertising,i hide them for a purpose,i don't wanna see them,and also i can't record videos with out it having to be on the selfie mode,everytime i try to record a video they say can't record,please fix n i will rate it 5 stars_
can't record and it's really laggy_ snapchat is becoming more and more like youtube with advertising and the music industry, but instead of bad rappers, singer etc it's bad updates. _ i'm done using till the next update. _
it keeps saying i have new pictures and messages nothing shows up. since the update it drains my battery, the video lags and i am not receiving things on time or when they were sent. similar to the rest of the comments, i don't want to see the advertisements where as before i could hide them. change it back. thanks
i loved the way ye had discover and live on a seperate page to my stories. a great addition to snapchat at the time. but it being forced down our throats now for advertising reasons does not sit well with me. not impressed and should def be put back the way it was_
dislike the new obtrusive discover and live story icons, was quite happy with just the personal stories from friends, this is becoming like bbm where they forced too many obtrusive features and started with ads and then everyone left.
you're probably gonna lose a lot of people if you stuff advertisements down their throats. just saying.
if it ain't broken don't fix it..what's the point of putting the discover on the same page as the story when it already has its own page of its own_ i know yall trying to figure a way to make money so you are forcing the discover down our throats so you can get more money for the ads since more people will be watching them. also this app is completely killing my battery. this app has used up 70 percent of my battery over the last 24hours and i don't even use it that much too
as a long time snapchat user, this app started off great, but is getting ridiculously bad. this newest update fixes the performance issues of the last update, but introduces new ones, mainly the battery drainage. a recent update also introduced an astoundingly cluttered look. the stories tab is a mess and it you can no longer hide the live stories and the discover feeds are now there too, despite having their own page. these are basically paid advertisements. if you've yet to try snapchat, don't. get glide.
it really sucks. many times i've recorded something and it says it cannot play the video, or it doesn't post saying _sorry this can no longer be posted_ when i posted it right that second, or i send a video_picture to a friend and it tells me that it failed to send, for no damn reason and the video_picture is gone. and so many darn freezes and crashes. come on, snapchat we all know that with so many users and paying advertisers, you can do much better than that.
the newest update has the story screen too cluttered and you can't hide any of the ads. the camera is also running very slow.
most recent update now forces you to have featured stories and discover pages up on the stories page. this makes it take longer to load your friends stories and is unsubtle, tacky advertising. shame because i do love it but i'll probably not be using nearly as often.
i understand that you need to advertise, but this is too much. i'll give you guys a couple of days to push through a better version, but after that i'm finished.
new update sucks, takes way too long loading crap i don't want to ever see instead of stories from friends i only want to see. stop trying to just make money off selling advertising space in your app. it's that simple.
i deleted it, now whenever i try to redownload it, it downloads 3 other ad collecting apps.
there is too much on the stories screen. i don't want to see all the discover rubbish. i purposely hide the live stories too, which i can't do now. i like seeing stories from my friends not advertising_ please put back to normal.
the ui for this app has always been terrible. it somehow just got worse. since the latest update, the story screen has been cluttered with a bunch of bullshit ads for live events i don't, have never and will never care about. gone is the option to hide them. if you really want these live feeds to be a part of snapchat for good, please let me permanently hide them or at least stuff them in some remote corner of your unreasonably_hard_to_navigate ui so i don't have to see them.
i want an option to remove these. discover is useless. and most of those _stories_ are ad based. i'd rather hide it.
ur ads eating my mobile data u jerk
adding discover to stories is dumb and pointless. i know y'all are trying to make ad revenue, but adding redundancy isn't going to help. the app is still horrendously slow as well...
dont want to see your advertising and hate that you eliminated the option to hide these ads. i dont care for live feeds of stuff i didnt add or ask to see
dont want to see your advertising and hate that you eliminated the option to hide these ads. i dont care for live feeds of stuff i didnt add or ask to see
great normally but this update really screws up the performance of the app. i can't open chat without the keyboard slowing until the whole app crashes. and it's gotten to the point where i don't want to use it. i can't have my battery be dead in 3 hours  and i really don't care about discover. i chose battery life and getting to talk to people over seeing advertisements. it was fine the way it was.
will not run right on a nexus 6 device. very laggy and makes the phone pause up whenever the app is being used, i even have a hard time closing it. cannot use this app anymore, the update and advertising is terrible ...
since this last update i can't even use snapchat, takes over five minutes to load the snap a friend would send me because its always trying to refresh the advertisements and all that. please fix it or make it an option to not use the ads, hell i'd be willing to pay to have it ad free.
since this last update i can't even use snapchat, takes over five minutes to load the snap a friend would send me because its always trying to refresh the advertisements and all that. please fix it or make it an option to not use the ads, hell i'd be willing to pay to have it ad free.
uses way to much data now_ constantly updating stories in the background that noone cares about_ use to be a fun app... now creators are getting greedy like every other app out there and selling out to ads and solicitors. fix the data issues_ no need for an app to consume so much data in the background when not in use. give users the option if they want those stories updated or not....  don't just assume we all want our data used up_
screw this advertisement crap. it was fine when it was on another screen, or i could hide the annoying extra stories. snapchat is selling out.
the new update is horrible it keeps glitching and crashing. the stories take way longer to load then before. the old update was amazing and i rated the version 5 stars this one i rate 1 its horrible now. i definitely won't be using snapchat as much ad before because of this.
adding discover to stories is dumb and pointless. i know y'all are trying to make ad revenue, but adding redundancy isn't going to help. the app is still horrendously slow as well...
stop shoving ads down my throat_
can't take video now and all the ads and sponsors are ridiculous and invasive.
going too far with the discover and live feed bs, if i want news about other parts of the world and other media, i can find it. snapchat is not a news app and now its loaded up with all of  that perfect ad opportunity to the point it hardly functions...it should be optional
i can't ad anyone from my contacts.
loads super slow and sometimes not at all since the last update.  discover is a useless advertising ploy.
app was great if slightly lacking features compared to ios. it has now gotten considerably worse. it is slow, buggy and unintuitive. i understand the desire to push content to drive advertising revenue but you are doing it at the expense of your user experience. please put users back on top of your priority list, which is where we should always be.
you could actually optimize sections that we use, and not worry so much about your advertising. we get it, you're selling out. don't make us suffer more.
giving two stars because android needs the ability where you can upload pics from your gallery on to your story board that iphone users have. putting the discover on our storyboard is very invasive and unnecessary. stop trying to shove discover which are secretly disguised ads in our face. nobody wants to see them. would also love if you added a self timer feature_ other than that it's a great app. just needs to be in sync with ios version and capabilities.
the new discover page on top of the stories is so stupid. we understand u need advertising money but forreal wasn't we're it was enough_
if it ain't broken don't fix it..what's the point of putting the discover on the same page as the story when it already has its own page of its own_ i know yall trying to figure a way to make money so you are forcing the discover down our throats so you can get more money for the ads since more people will be watching them
omg the update has made it difficult to look at stories because they're not loading ad my stories arent loading either please fix
snapchat is the best app ever expected samsungs  don't get the rainbow font and the holiday fonts only apple products do and i don't think that is fair .i think all phones should get the same fonts as everyone else .i aslo  don't like how we get those little advertisement under everyone's story's  and it is just annoying but other than that i love snapchat
new ads popping up while watching stories is super annoying. will be the death of this app
the new update wont let me take vids and when i try to ad captions my keypad disappears. also every time i open the app it says this guy and that guy cant receive my chat even though i sent that chat months ago_ fix it up and i'll give you five stars. thanks.
worthless. way too many stupid ads.
it won't ad any friends
i don't like all the ads crowding my story's an all that get rid of all that crap an ill give you 5 stars
i love this app_ it is a great way for social media marketing and advertising, as well as great use to communicating with others_ _
my snapchat don't let me post ad on our whet i'm at
i keep getting ads in the middle of takinf a pic or typing. please fix
i have a galaxy s 5 and it won't show the degree or any of the filters besides the black and white ad the two other ones. i don't get the father's day filters or any of the tucson ones, please fix
_teamsnapchat_ keeps sending you these ridiculous self_advertisements. and there's no way to turn them off. not can you reply and ask to be spared. uninstalling now.
i used to love this app but i was forced to update it. i had an awesome working 3.0 version. i don't care about these fabulous events and wtf they are doing _ waste of my data. higher resolution pictures _ wasting my data. come on you guys. you've ruined it. also, i hope these popup ads aren't from you or it will be deleted asap.
ever since the update ads pop up at the bottom of the screen and there's nothing i can do to make them go away. so i can't send anything or type really. fix it please
it won't work now idk why i've reinstalled it three times and still keeps crashing as soon ad i open it
it sometimes does what it advertises, though very reluctantly if at all. every addition of features seems to cause more problems with the main function of the app. if you don't mind a buggy app, then have at it. because of its inconsistencies i tend to use this app off and on. it seems that the developers are struggling to maintain a stable app.
only complaint would be that every once in a while i'll try recording but it stops before i let go of the on_screen button. it works fine when i hold the volume rocker. other than that works as advertised.
get rid of the ad's_
received a snapchat yesterday and it just sits there trying to load. not even the paid advertising snaps and stories load. it's a worthless space user until they fix it. using galaxy s6.
app is okay wont hardly ever refresh on wifi, only on 4g which i bad cause of my data plan. the constant ad story's are dumb and discover is completely useless this app worked fine till the ads take them off and stop.being greedy you ruined your own app for money nice job.
works as advertised..
works as advertised.
ads keep popping up won't let me do anything
ads on snapchat_ really_
the advertisement for this app showcases impossibly clear pictures.  which is a lie..
pretty good but if im on wifi or internet data connection, and my location ad bluetooth are on, not all the filters, including the new battery one, work consistently.
it seems this new switching update and battery filter is only available for iphone users. if snapchat knows this update is not available for androids they shouldnt advertise on google play
it sometimes does what it advertises, though very reluctantly if at all. every addition of features seems to cause more problems with the main function of the app. if you don't mind a buggy app, then have at it. because of its inconsistencies i tend to use this app off and on. it seems that the developers are struggling to maintain a stable app.
ad's come up like every single time when i open it. sometimes it doesnt want to refresh. but tbh its pretty good it just needs a little bit of work
snapchat's background data usage amounted to 1.7gb in just a month. more then triple of the average data plan_  the new stupid 'snapchat  discovery' which is draining all the data no one uses because it's just a bunch of advertising.   i'd advise anyone who uses the app to check their data usage now.  it's a shame because it wasn't always  this way and i liked the app alot. google 'snapchat data usage' now _ see for yourselves.  please vote my review as helpful so that others can be warned_
an ad popped up and ruined acgreat shot. not a good idea very frustrating
the game itself is a cool way to meet people, but the ads suck, every time i close an ad and try to play, another one pops up to block me from using the app
thanks for fixing the ads as   thats made it easier to use snapchat but still freezing a little please fix this
i've started getting pop up ads while trying to send snapchats, and they always close out my picture_video_ please get rid of the ads...they're ridiculous. has anyone else been getting them_
good ad fun
its good_ slowly improving, hate the ads and stupid stuff that rock up on my storyline though. should be a setting to totally remove them.
as in the above description. used to work as advertised but after recent updates i'm not getting any notifications or snaps _a sent snap confirmed with my own eyes but nothing reached my phone_. utterly useless. viber works everytime.
this used to be a pretty reliable app. it always worked as advertised. lately, it's become unusable. incoming snaps take forever to load, outgoing snaps hardly ever get successfully sent. i hope it gets fixed soon.
ever since the update, i get random ads popping up on my phone no matter what app. i'm using.
severe memory issues if you send more than a few snaps in a row. app either refuses to send more until you restart it or just crashes on its own. too much advertisement as well. poorly developed, but accomplishes its task sometimes.
slowly turning into ads.......
why is it that the apple devices always have the upper hand when it comes to apps_ be original and make headlines, by releasing things onto android before you update the iphone apps_ first, iphone have the ability to zoom in on front camera, they can add from library, and they have the ability to have unlimited characters in their snaps. please, and i beg advertising to see this post, please change_ follow my tips and i can almost guarantee a much happier community, more ratings, users and publicity_
let's make a chat app that deletes peoples messages before they are read. fantastic idea. let's update it to fill in random messages from companies or sports i never requested. and then let's add more companies to it that you should like because every consumer loves ads for things they don't want. keep up the good work.
i would recommend this ages 10 and up other than ten and under i would suggest they use snapkids and please fix that everyone can use special text and filters without turning on your location settings in your general settings otherwise its great_ no ads that i've seen so far. and i love the update_ keep updating
snapchat, the idea for this app was genius. not as formal as text or email, doesn't use a lot of data, and i love the fact that there are no ads. i realize you guys have to make money, so do the discovery thing, i don't really care, but give us our best friends back. that is how i added new people, and it was great having that. please bring it back_
i suddenly am bombarded with ads taken directly to the playstore everytime i open the app. why weren't we informed of this change_
i love snapchat but i would like to be able to ad more text to the screen _
it will say tap to load so i'll tap and then refresh it ad the snap just disappears
works as advertised_
since last update now ads pop out_ wth_
too many ads in stories. one is too many. 5 is overkill. also uses way too much data.
buggy, full of useless new features and more ads
is sooooo ok but when i video it has soo much ads other then that a_
snapchat, the idea for this app was genius. not as formal as text or email, doesn't use a lot of data, and i love the fact that there are no ads. i realize you guys have to make money, so do the discovery thing, i don't really care, but give us our beat friends back. that is how i added new people, and it was great having that. please bring it back_
everything takes forever to load and it just spams ads all day. good for sending naked pictures tho. that's about it.
this app is fun, but it opens an excessive amount of ads. even when i'm not on it. if it weren't for that this app would be amazing but because of that, i can't see myself keeping it for too long. after a while it's so annoying eventually i'll get sick of it completely. i'm sure there's other apps similar to this that don't cause so many pop ups.
works well, stable, works as advertised.. and yes of course this is diff to the iphone version.. the fact that u hold buttons down is how android has always been.. refreshing change from using my iphone 6_ snapchat..
the most useful appendix play store it _globe mob_ reviewed to pay for advertising. all honest, no cheating_ please become and start earning. invited sondo
the most useful appendix play store it _globe mob_ reviewed to pay for advertising. all honest, no cheating_ please become and start earning. invited sondo
mo is a sweet time all ad or easyway make my video in the end, ahof m in shi eyeyishch
aplis this is just awesome _ no bugs and no ads, very satisfying _
with each update worse. would add some new features of processing images and not the senseless emotes next to the names of friends, advertising, etc. mtv. i doubt if any of the uses
pops up all the time advertising_ _
they advertise updates but then don't make them available right away. it's a bit of a luxury tease, but still a tease. still happening. updated 5_5_15.
i inadvertently turn add to friends
i'm starting to get random snaps from people i don't know who are sending me odd advertisements. i couldn't find a way to block them. would be nice to have that feature.
the update was unecessary. it has only bought bad reviews. please put back friends lists and friends of friends. i am not interested in advertising material on this app we have the internet for pointless information.
i loved it for 2 years i still do but it is a little slow and no ads
now there are ads on discover that nobody likes or uses_ i don't get notifications every time i get a new snap and now the stories that are live can't even be moved out of the way. you have updates very often saying there are _improvements_, but i don't see any.
is super good and funny pictures come out better with the camera snapchat is more fun to chat with friends does not occupy much space and can be moved to the memory card only bad thing is you do not have it all but i think that it could improve with a little advertising and no doubt would be the perfect app
since they put the story has become a disaster ... i miss the old snapchat this looks like an advertising market ...
hahaha advertising even in the story's now. marks
snapchat makes very fun, there are many ways and the life chatting is great_ but at the moment snapchat's funny ... sometimes i can not access snapchat because it always logs on its own and the filter on my videos go actually not although they went out_ you have the gps do to the temperature, etc. nevertheless, the cease km _ h ad goes with me not ... this is always 0 even while driving_ please then fix 5 stars_
now there are ads on discover that nobody likes or uses_ i don't get notifications every time i get a new snap either.
meta ads continuously and sends some sort xujnes
love_ best quality instagram pq has no advertisements, jabas and comments_
this update is awful i don't understand what the makers of this app were thinking. no best friends list, a messed up contacts list, glitchy videos, and unwanted advertisements. wtf. i will do anything for you to put it back seriously. my stories arnt loading either_
many advertising and so cool
won't send certain messages, but will send a different one to the same person. i'm also starting to get push notifications and pop up ads
application of ad only fit. yvonne lee
ta horrible liked the other version inadvertently deleted from my phone it was great back version q was before and better q this.
well to many ads
i liked it but i think it could be much better because it has many ads as i think it should be better but i liked it anyway
pizza hut pakistan rawalpindi number with the latest version of the most popular and a half years ago and have been made to order. i have a good time , and the other day . i have to be a good day and the family and the family and the family and the family and the family and the family and the family and the family. i have to be a good idea to advertise the harden foot journey story. the list is not a good time. the list is not a good
i take and everything bs ad depicts only appreciate a place bid tells us tkovn
since summer 2014 updates become increasingly catastrophic. developers remove features and use their implementation as an advertising showcase for their partners _discover_
it does what it advertises, though very reluctantly if at all. every addition of features seems to cause more problems with the main function of the app. if you don't mind a buggy app, then have at it. because of its inconsistencies i tend to use this app off and on. it's ok.
i take and everything bs ad depicts only appreciate a place bid tells us tkovn
i have a lot of advertising
the last few updates were enough for anything. this at least corrects errors that have been before but i still do not understand the advertising promotion or something, and i find it quite confusing_ _
this is the best app ever and i think you should download it there is never any problems and i can do ad much as i want on it
it left for advertisements as _discover_ and unknown story ... a misleading icon in the heart of the application _we could believe in a new story, but no ... it's a pub _. long live the reign of easy money_
it left for advertisements in the form of ...
prophet lengthened seconds video and newly invented as it went in and talat les tnhzv and being filmed and mission bhakita and i hope will be deleted mande net tadlo hashi imposed instead of foreign advertisements answer bays mo becomes junub ups nighttime peace
stories don't work. i hold, they start loading, repeat ad infinitum
it is a good application but i do not like stories that add advertising or to erase talks although not crumple. otherwise it is fine
should only enhance that advertising is optional, you want to load
i can not see _the new update_ whom i ad only q i adc back
since last versions cluttered with advertisements. snapshat no longer runs so smoothly. however, errors are absent
ad led by some really stupid. i have no words
great app. many users. using advertising to keep me from paying out of my pocket.  all good things.. but the bugs...
i can not do anything, ads friends, share videos nothing
haven't been able to view stories _even tho they show up_ since the last update.  discover is a useless advertising ploy.
advertising..
but please god stop updating your app and in the what's new category, advertising discover. its there, it's useless we get it. whether it's bug fixes or nah, tell us what you're adding.
thiers no ads and i love that i could  talk to my friend its just so great
constant problems with this app and way too many permission issues and advertisement _disguised_ as _live snap updates_ i don't give a sh_t about updates from others than my friends, but no option to opt out from this. also issues with app freezing_ uninstalled and i do not recommend anyone to use this app.
it was better before, no ads they got _ fix it can not repeat the snaps
i like snapchat but stop trying to make it something it's not. why not improve video and pic quality instead of force feeding us ads from brands aka discover.
banner ads keep poping up at the bottom of the screen so i can't use the bottom letters or send my snaps until they're gone. and also when i'm viewing stories or a snap that someone else has sent me, it'll take me out of the snap and onto the camera.
opening the camera is slow, the app crashes a lot, and loading stories are painfully slow_ this app is poorly optimized and bought out by advertisment companies.
i can't zoom in on my phone. i have to refresh everyone i want to see who sent me a message and it randomly has ads which sends me to a random site
you can not turn on and some strange advertising
since the new update its keep sayin snapchat has stopped and picture going funny and sometimes don't even let me send it all i absolutely love snapchat please fix it ive ad it for ages aswell u really need to get it fixed now startin to do me head in really bad please sort it
it's bad. i'm not getting one ad
untimely advertising
after i updated snapchat, ads kept popping up even when not in snaapchat please fix this snapchat is one of my favourite application
this very well but once inadvertently uninstall me and when i was going to install it again will not let me put me q to avido an error with the server and retry qlo please ayudaa
the app is a great idea, well designed, and fun to use. but the ads and promos are intrusive and annoying, and they keep getting worse.
i go on to it and 500 ads pop up when i x them more come
not let me see the stories of my friends only advertising pages please improve it and give it 5 stars
since the new update its keep sayin snapchat has stopped and picture going funny and sometimes don't even let me send it all i absolutely love snapchat please fix it ive ad it for ages aswell
the only reason why i hae got this cause i can talk to my friends ad what not
some stuff is cool if u get them to work correct and lose the advertising page were did the _ of friends go we pick 3 it give you none
popr_bowa_em lured by the vision of e_mail and picture messages. it turned out snapchat is really coarse_to_use tool for spam, for this to push users to watch the power of the few times the ad and that social exhibitionists have the chance to enter into our lives by showing what was in them. the interface resembles slicing stale bread stone, is cumbersome and unintuitive. there are some buttons, but in and stick to you. there is nothing that does not have a messenger. 1_10
doesnt do what it advertises. video doesnt work its just a green messy virus, no chat, none of the mentioned features, just a plain old boring camera sending pictures to an address book blahhh blahhh blahhh snapcrap even requests ur location now. have no idea what for when its still gonna send you random annoying shit from college twatts in other countries you just dont want to see
i like it but there is always ads  coming up and i hate it because its annoying please fix this
cool app.   but i think i'm getting ads al the time because of this app and its annoying
august inadvertently installed at 100_ in august and stops further nieidzie even as i waited 24 hours.
snapchat should be more snapczowaty because, as you are not pinned _ ad
wont let me ad friends
i hate that they now force you to use the latest version, so that you can be assaulted with retarded video ads and burn through you data allotment. this sucks
it takes so long to load with this udate. it'll say its recording the whole duration_end up with a picture. cant view my own story. half my snaps won't send or it'll say i saw it when i didn't. doesnt start recording until 3secs after holding the button. they dont care about their users in their update, only their new ads and everything.
after the update i swivel the camera to the side and do not know what can not be properly shoot _and those ads as why_ it's weird_ _ go back to how it was this one is really bad_ _
do not cut out that no ads will give 5_
earlier originating user, today no longer. snaps are not sent, do not load with both wireless and with mobile internet. can not best friends of another seeing more and this is discover one big advertisement. 20 updates back please _
excellent apek recommend downloading, does not mow with, wobbles or not advertising and i have no problems with it.
snapchat, the idea for this app was genius. not as formal as text or email, doesn't use a lot of data, and i love the fact that there are no ads. i realize you guys have to make money, so do the discovery thing, i don't really care, but give us our beat friends back. that is how i added new people, and it was great having that. please bring it back_
can see all your advertising but can't see my own snaps. really ticked off_
i have idea about camera fou snap why not to ad i the camera self taimer it's mor eyes to yous camera just added and you will see it'sbecome nice
i highly recommend for every body best app in the hole world every body download this app now before a lame app get in your way no ads eatier ingonore those bad reviews if i could give it a 100000000000000000 stars i would _ _ _ _ _
i wish i could see monitored snap our our friends and attached to transport special, we have such a time tracking about us snaple_tigi inadvertently hand to k if i went like summarize, i see either one had two snapd that meet the specific snapd happening again are atarm_. another problem with some snap_in mini_s3 _video_ just so you know there is not no sound image monitoring. finally, we consider it my hands were friends with many people in this regulation should come along in the meantime snapchat_ ooozb the
i don't know why this is happening but today all of a sudden there are ads that are popping up evey time i'm on or using snapchat..i don't like it at all.. please fix it please.
i'm relatively new to snapchat. i first started using it before the _discovery_ update...aka _let's add spam that is just subtle enough to be annoying with our pulsing purple circle in the corner_, and it worked great_ pics and video worked fine. after the update, my pics are fine but the video has dropped significantly and it keeps crashing on my samsung s5. so in other words...you used to have a lightweight app that worked great, but now you just have a lumbering, advertising laden, money hungry giant...
just a way to advertise
there is no use for the thing on the right its jjust advertisement
discover advertising. _ garbage
no bestfriends, ads, confusing. i hate the update. you have taken away everything that everyone liked about this app. please go back to the old snapchat.
i don't know why this is happening but today all of a sudden there are ads that are popping up evey time i'm on or using snapchat..i don't like it at all.. please fix it please.
i haven't seen any ads or pop ups yet
i love it, comes as advertised.. perhaps more tutorials for new comers
so disappointing. i've had snapchat for almost as long as it's been around but this app just gets worse and worse. no best friends, ads, it crashes... what a waste of time_ learn from your poor reviews and put things back to how they were
this update is horrible. ads and extremely buggy
it ok but i can't ad my friends plz fix this
it real good no ads
love the idea of the app. really a game changer to social media, and discovery was a great idea. really wish devs would spend more time getting the annoying bugs out of messaging rather than focusing on making money off of advertisements. it happens all of the time that the messages get _lost_ and i'm left with a blank screen and no idea what the person just sent me.
to start, i would have to say that i was sort of forced into updating, since my version of snapchat was no longer going to be supported soon, but at least they had the courtesy to send me a snap saying this. against my better judgement, i installed the new update and was disappointed. first, why would you separate _stories_ and _friends_, for this only overcomplicates the interface. second, the _discover_ section is plain dumb advertising, which is fine, but unneeded. every other version is fine. not this.
to start, i would have to say that i was sort of forced into updating, since my version of snapchat was no longer going to be supported soon soon, but at least they had the courtesy courtesy to send me a snap saying this. against my better judgement, i installed the new update and was disappointed immediately. first, why would you separate _stories_ and _friends_, for this only overcomplicates the interface. second, the _discover_ section is plain dumb advertising.
and we know your discover is just a stupid way for u to advertise shit to us. dont think we dont know what youre doing
i love snapchat until every time i logged in my phone batt died in seconds and ads always came up it was annoying. my phone is now playing up
i understand that they are trying to make money on this discover crap.... but the rest of the update is even worse than advertising
who are these groups who want me to see their story_  i am sick of being marketed to. i would like a way to opt out of these third party advertisers.                          _5 minutes later_                          after posting this, i went on their website and read how, so i am now adding more stars.
there is no live chat_ why is snapchat advertising a live video chat_ anyone else got it_ well i haven't _
snapchat is the best_ ...u can send videos ad pics ...u need to download it_
some stuff is cool if u get them to work correct and lose the advertising page were did the _ of friends go we pick 3 it give you none
i love because now. my. sister moved now. i. can still text and send pictures ad videos to her
i needed to uninstall app. constant battery draining and data consumption even when app is not in use. besides for these problems, which are the primary reasons for my terrible rating, i don't like the integration of discover much. i could have seen it working out better if users chose from a list of channels to show up as stories in their feed. it would have put discover in a spot people were already going to regularly instead of a different experience that, while slick, just feels like premium advertising
i have ads now. i've never had them before and with the recent update, i just picked them up...
great app, even the ads don't seem very intrusive at all_
only problem there are quite a few adverts between breaks on the free version but getting cheap premium gives you extra things like no adverts and adding to queue
amazing as it is without getting premium and the ads aren't that intrusive most of the time. but sometimes i feel like getting the premium but then realized that i lacked sufficient funds. regardless, premium or free this is the app you need to really enjoy music whenever_ what would make it have the full five stars would be to fix the issue of songs currently playing but with the sound muted whenever i'm playing my playlist as i may be in the middle of something and a really good song just goes right on by without actually playing the audio and that is to me more irritating than annoying.
there's too many recommended songs when i'm trying to listen to my playlist i'm not paying for premium if you want money put in ads
it is a great app love most of the features except not being able to listen to a specific songs and the ads. i also don't like when it plays suggested songs on a playlist.
it said i'd have 30 minutes of ad free music but i only for 27.51 minutes
it's an amazing music app it's just it says 30mins of ad free music, but after one song it plays another ad
it's always wanting you to provide more input or making advertising look important.  i am looking for something i can just use not become become an important part of life.
this app is amazing love it but it should not have ads
why do we have to pay for premium_ why can't we all have the advantages that premium has instead of having non premium users have to deal with limited skips and ads while premium users enjoy themselves with unlimed skips and no ads and are able to listen offline.
i'm loving the ads more than your songs.... probably, i can hear it more often than my songs, that i am too dumb to know there's premium, too ignorant to discover new songs .....whewwww
plays ads even on premium services
practically every song you could want. without premium the ads get annoying but it's not too bad especially since i used to listen to shuffle always.
it is pretty much the best music app but i don't like how you have to pay for the premium version. i don't get why there is a premium version anyways while i just want to listen to music. i know they want to make money but at least make money off of the ads then i would rate 5 stars.
getting ads while paying premium. fix this or i'm gone_
ads slightly annoying but you get used to it. other than that i love this app.
a nice app but its shuffle mode is not perfect sometimes play the same song in shuffle mode, and it puts chessy ads in your face making you want to buy its premium spotify. they  have all the music i like and they come out with the latest songs. it also have running mode which play to the beat you run at keeping you going.  different stations for the artist you listen to. you can save your music and make you own playlist i would recommend for average users and major users. new update, too many ads_
i love spotify it's great to listen to music if you have premium there are no ads you can take your music wherever you go and it's all around great i really recommend premium if you can afford it and you want to use it all the time.
great music but to many ads
it has less ads then pandora and i love it_
my favorite part about listening to music with spotify is not being able to choose what i listen to while at the same time being bombarded with ads.
i really like this app, although it has many ads i still love it_
it kinda forces you to get premium with ads and it won't let you choose a specific song you want after the 7 day trail. not everybody likes instinct shuffle
kinda alot of ads but other wise its really good _
before subscribe to premium i was so annoyed by the ads until i uninstalled it a few times. but after premium subscription i find myself almost never stop listening to it. it would have been 5 star if the ads for free account users are less annoying.
if you enjoy listening to a wide variety of music or even to the same song in repeat it is worth paying the monthly subscriptjon to enjoy ad free and unlimited music, i have had the paid spotify for almost 2 years and it has been worth having. with the option to make custom playlists i control what i want to listen to and i am free to listen to other playliat made by both spotify as well as other users. my only request is that more popular song remixes get _re_added.
not too many ads i guess. less than pandora
works great not to many ads
may be should have english language advert for english channels.
this is my favorite  music  app, but it would  be really  cool if they added a way to get premium forever and i wish they would fix the 30 mins of no commercials ad, because i still gets ads with in 15 mins of watching those ads, however  this is still the best app for music.
even with ads and shuffle play only without sub it's still a great music app_
the selection of music is superb. some of the ads also have very nice background music so they aren't that bad. if you're a vocaloid fan then you're in luck, because spotify surprisingly has some in it's library. it even has equalizer support for soundalive on my samsung. the only problem is that occasionally the equalizer randomly turns off and i have to fix it via resetting the audio stream by switching to another station_playlist and back.
only request is to turn the ads down a bit they're over powering
great app don't get me wrong but you have to be connected to the internet for all songs... i got this app for school and the music doesn't work at school.. allow downloads for people who can't get a debit card at their age and make sure you're ads don't come through half way though the song
just absolutely perfect i didn't get the premium so there were ads but amazing sound quality_ love it_
need to hear music no ads please
love this app especially on a tablet. just download before you head out and you got uninterrupted music for premium. for free you can make a playlist and play it on shuffle with connection. and the ads are super short compared to other apps_
i love this app. is better than pandora. very few ads and 30 day free trial for premium. just for _10 i don't have to use mobile data. if you're thinking of a music app that let's you play music offline for _10 then what are you waiting for_
ads are the price we pay for supporting the artists we love. and i am just starting to learn not to be annoyed to listen shuffled album or artist, but playing me artists that i don't want and not letting me to skip hem, is just too much. its like radio but it cost you data traffic.
ads can be annoying at first but you get used to them, i use spotify almost everyday and it is perfect _
i really liked it the only thing i dont like is that you hear the ads
i love the quality, here a ad then 30 min of music without ads.
i like how you can open another app with the music playing, and the ads are fairly reasonable. the artist suggestions were pretty nice too, but i didn't like it when a suggested song popped into a personalized playlist _ it gets annoying. all in all i liked it, but it would be cool if there was a comments section and non_premium people could download 2 or 3 songs.
i wouldn't mind ads if i wasn't paying, but not being able to turn off shuffle is a massive downside. i'm already paying for google play, i'm not paying for this as well.
overal great, what i'd love to have is some other subscriptions plans for occasional users based on hours per week with limited ads. also why not to provide way to donate you_ i hate long commitments that's why i'd not subscribe for premium. and better randomness when using radio service_ listening 2_3 days in row brings not only same music but in same order_ and do encourage people to discover new music based on tracks history. maybe there's other people which profile match my one in some extend but they..
enjoy this program, the premium service is best, pump it up the power, free ads, you choose, find out, manage your own directory, customize everything, more variety, features and contents, capable in offline downloading music selection without interruption. in my android mobile samsung gp the quality response digital sound is feeling so supreme than the pandora. everywhere activities in home or office. spend less money, do your whims and increase your files.take it today.
i use to be a big pandora person but i noticed they have a lot of commercials and i got tired of it and now i can listen to music without all the ads.
less ads than radio_ mite haf 2 go premium and will have shop tunes.
i love the app, i use it daily_ but the advertisements are crazy they say they give 30 minutes of ad free music but i skip 2 songs and then it's another commercial_ and if i change the station it's a commercial again.
i love the app, i use it daily_ but the advertisements are crazy they say they give 30 minutes of ad free music but i skip 2 songs and then it's another commercial_ and if i change the station it's a commercial again.
i hate having to listen to ads it interupts my music and i can only skip and go back and do all these things for 30 day s free otherwise i will have to pay
i think the best music app ever, just a lot ads
to many ads
fairly large song selection, only a handful of songs i want that they don't have. ads get pretty annoying after every second or third song. but hey, it's free so no complaints from me. i i were to pay for a service.  i would probably use google play music however.
good music just ads mess it up
you can't do anything anymore unless you pay for premium. flooded with ads, limited skips, shuffle only and the songs lag. i guess it's more about money then fair service though, right_ it's cool, i'll just have to uninstall and move to pandora, which is really unfortunate.
been using spotify for years, love it, ads are a bit tedious now a days but it shows that the company is now very popular, hope it continues to stay free, but excessive ads can potentially ruin it, all in all, love the application, would highly recommend to those that use pandora and other station_like apps
its pretty good if it didn't ad's
i've had spotify for a while. i can get annoyed by the ads, not others but their own freaking commercials. besides that, it takes so long to load the radio page, that i give up and go to my pandora, or iheartradio because it loads instantly.
i love how clear the music is and how the ads aren't super long. i wish we could have a few more skips though
needs to be free of ads
it's great for every day use, however there are way too many ads for non premium members. i'd rather have more banner ads than music interruptions.
so fun and you can dance with out any ads love it
the app itself is awesome, great music and everything, but lately many ads has being streaming. i totally understand this but it is just annoying.
i have no words to describe this app its amazing. i dont like it when ads are in my music
even when i watch the promos for 30 minutes of ad free music, i still have to listen to the ads. please fix this.
i don't know why the advertisements are in spanish if the language is in english. but now i don't care because i have premium _
i love spotify, i have it on my laptop and my phone now, too. really good app. i only wish you didn't have to pay to enjoy all the great features. if all you have is the free account, on this app, you can only listen to shuffle play all the time. and obviously put up with ads. but other than that, it's a great app. currently enjoying the free trial. xd after it's over, back to dang only shuffle play. _p
for a free app, the ads are really reasonable and the music is on point
spotify, how dare you tell me that i can listen to thirty minutes without interruptions, then play one song on the album and then interrupt it in the middle of the song with an advert_ what did i ever do to you besides paying for you. why would i want _premium free_ when it isn't what it says because its clearly not free. also, you say premium free let's you listen to music without being bothered by you, and it let's you change the song when ever you want. isn't that what's supposed to happen anyway_
i like this app cuz i can hear whatever music i want and the ads r not that long i would rate it 10000000000000 stars if i could thats how good it is how can a app this good be free
just opens the app and it plays an ad to tell that its adfree. ironic_
it is a good app it just need to stop with the premium ads but its a good app
ads in the middle of a song, really_
i used to really love this app but after the update it just force you to get premium, i can't even listen to the music in my library, the only thing you can do is _shuffle play_. what the hell, you used to be the best music app and now...... you got problems with money or what_ you even have ads so why spotify, why_
to much ads
i have reset my password ad it wouldn't let me log in. and now it still is not letting me login so i can't use spotify at all. _
was great except for the advertisements
used 80_ of my internet in one morning so ive removed it. _edit 2016_ reinstalled as i got a new phone, brilliant app but freezes on adverts and won't start again so have to uninstall to reinstall a few days later. very annoying_
there are so many ads now even if i just listened or watched an ad and switch to a new playlist i am forced to watch another ad.      plus the app has been crashing and freezing a lot lately. idk if its because i have an older thing or something but i just hope it can be fixed because spotify is like the only app i use to listen to music.
i'd give it 5 stars because the idea of paying 10 bucks for nearly unlimited ad free music and the ability to customize is amazing. but the app doesn't work properly and consistently takes more than 30 seconds to load a single page. great ideas, horrible execution.
toooo many ads and will stop playin for no reason and ads will stop playin and music will skip time and then won't play at all.
absolutely stunning, aside from the frequent ads.
let's u get free music but too many ads
wish they could let you delete ads without having to pay for it _ give premium free_
it's pretty good been using it for years now but what i've been noticing is that they hv way to many ads producing other company. 9 out of 10
not many ads, love it, nice price, cool for on the go, works well, and easy to use
i like it but when i watch the ad and want 30 minutes of no ads, i still get ads. if you fix this, the app would be nearly perfect.
i loved this app and used it daily. but today while listening to a disney chanel with my 3 yr old daughter, one of the ads that came on twice in probably a 15 minute period said the phrase _mother f_ing_ and i was furious_ not only was i mad that i had to hear such filth, i was furious that my daughter was subjected to hear it as well while listening to a disney chanel of all things_ that kind of crap shouldn't be allowed on ads period_ very disappointed spotify_
way to many ads. calm down.
good but hate the ads
ads pop up every other song
i loved songza... when that was bought out by google play,  i tried that... it was terrible... too many adds...and the adds are obnoxious. spotify is great.  the adds are pleasant.. watch a 10 sec video ad for30 min uninterrupted music. spotify has been a very pleasant experience.  also,  better music quality than songza and google play.
it said if i watch the ad it will give me thirty minutes of as free music and at ten minutes it gave an ad that is stupid.
i just got the newest update for spotify and now almost always it stops playing after each song. and i have premium but i receive ads to buy premium... also it says that my offline playlists aren't available offline and probably 99_ of searches don't work_ and it was fine before this update. also twice now all my playlists have _disappeared_ and it says ive never made one_ the desktop version is much much better. other than that its good, but with this update i only give it 2.5 out of 5 stars
frequent notifications for ads, even when not signed in to app. freezes and won't play.
if your goin to give a week free and 30 days might as well have the whole thing free instead and do what soundcloud does and gives some ads here and there and not all the time but other than that hissy fit its really good
i can feel saw and then there's ads on promoting there own music or premium version which i don't want, it was good before but then it got had after all these ads were created
good app but the new update is having problems... keeps crashing..especially in the middle of ads
it's nice how you can get almost 30 minutes without ads by watching an ad. great music.
the past few months using spotify have been the best, because the music comes in high quality and with low download space.. get premium, because ads get so annoying_
awesome edit_ it was great but now when an ad comes up 3 more come after it and it is annoying another edit_ also put in bruno mars' _somewhere in brooklyn_ i don't like listening to other people sing it
something's been wrong since the last 2 updates. after a couple of songs it will stop playing but when i look at the screen it never stopped. a song is still playing but it is muted so i had to go back at the start of the _muted_ song so it will unmute. i know spotify doesn't have a mute action but this occurs either on online or offline mode, and it's annoying. it reminds me of my unsubscribed days where ads would play in between songs. i can't fully enjoy premium. please do something about it.
stuck on ad image even when music playing.  same issue with controls in notification tray.  please fix
when i'm in the middle of enjoying music it the music stops, and those 30 second ads for '30 minutes' are annoying and do not feel like 30 minutes at all.
the best there is in my opinion.  minimal ads compared to pandora and the option to watch one 30 second advertisement and in return get 30 minutes of ad_free music is great.  a small complaint i have is instead of my next track playing after the current song it instead plays a recommended song instead first which kinda sucks in my opinion because it tends to ruin the flow, atleast for me.  otherwise a great app_
the best there is in my opinion.  minimal ads compared to pandora and the option to watch one 30 second advertisement and in return get 30 minutes of ad_free music is great.  a small complaint i have is instead of my next track playing after the current song it instead plays a recommended song instead first which kinda sucks in my opinion because it tends to ruin the flow, atleast for me.  otherwise a great app_
love this app. quality is great. not many ads.
like no other not a lot of ads
love it best app only thing i hate the ads that it best music app
the ads to get the premium version needs to go if i dont want it i dont want it
for those that like to pay for their  content this is the most practical app. its actually worth it  in terms of practicality in some ways. although 10dollars month is  a lot _specially compared to netflix since video is kinda more _value_ and alternatively the ads are really annoying, u should blame record labels or the music industry for that _i personally think their practises have overinflated the prices, as well as forced the artist's to bend over_
this app can play almost any song that matters to you most. although there are ads in between songs, i support this app.
the ads are very annoying, too loud and sometimes the same is played twice after each other. and that money is too much for the premium version. also i have more music in my library that i put there and i don't even follow those either. the shuffle rate is quite bad playing the same song from a playlist all the time and hardly playing some others from the same playlist.
they spam more ads than the amount of threats isis makes in a day.
really wanted to try this out for their free month but they started playing ads on  the 2nd day.  _  uninstalled. 30 days free should give it as a paid subscription would,without ads_
i use this app at work to play music for my toddlers. i have not purchased the ad free app as ads do not bother me. not usually. is there a way to monitor what ads play on which stations_ we were listening to the baby station. it broke to ads and the first one i hear is one for rap music in which a song plays out _motherf_rs._ i'm very displeased with that_ if not for that experience, i'd have given 5 stars.
best music app ever_ too many ads. gets annoying when it keeps telling me to go premium_
_9.99 a month_ for ad free music_ that's bullshit. limited skips and suggested songs don't mix. why can't we listen to the music we want_ don't even get me started on ads. that 30 minute ad_free only lasts for 10 mins. i counted. the only reason i still have this is because i can't pay for google songs. but google songs is much more fair than spotify.
so i got the app because i saw the orignal soundtrack for attack on titan  being advertised when i looked it up. all sorts of happy, i got the app and went to play the soundtrack. i pressed shuffle play, nothing happened. i go to look up the songs, they are not in there. go back to the website i saw it saying it had it, used the play in spotify button, once again no songs to play. i feel lied to, you can't advertise the songs then not have them. i just want to rock out, not listen to silence and lies.
would prefer a on board equalizer and less advertising
would five star but i would watch the 30 minute ad free music video and three ads pop up within ten minutes
it mutes songs, i have to skip for it to even semi play it's very annoying and a bad listening experience _ the app stops all of a sudden even if i havent touched my phone. also, ive been a premium user for over a year and i keep getting an ad to upgrade to premium....very slow in general.
it's really good i love to listen to music on plus it says if you watch this video you get the next 30 mins with out ads so its good i really enjoy it
i know its how you make money but  could you have more variety in ads if youre gonna make me listen to 3 in a row every few songs.
this is the best app for music. but there's way too many ads. i'm not able to do premium. but there's usually 3_4 ads in a row every 6 or 7 songs. even if it just said 30 minutes ad free
i love the music an the quality but i don't like the ads
works well, not too many ads, but some stations do repeat songs more than others.
love it just hate all the ads
ads are always breaking my app. i can't play music because ads not working. also ads can repeat sometimes up to 3 times in a row
all the advertising is about spotify
can't skip song on lock screen stuck on ad
i dont need to download music just turn on my internet and open spotify and listen song pls its more better when is offline and no ads to surf all day _
love the music just take ads off
i love the app, i can choose my music and make playlists, but on mobile be prepared for ads. 7 ads, 7 ads. and i still didn't get the song i chose. change it, you have a full love it 5 stars....7 ads tho, thats a problem. and the 'suggested song' should have a _ option so that way people can choose whether or not they like the song.
once you buy it and cancel they give you more ads to bring you back. should be like 6_7_ max a month and i would never get rid of them
the best music app i have ever downloaded period you can make your own playlist and play any song you want. it's extremely easy and never lags. i would highly recommend this to whoever likes to listen to music without many ads.
ads come up too often though not so many ads and it would be 5
thanks for the great free app.  ads aren't too bad so thanks
i have the free version, and i love it. the ads don't disrupt your music too much, and they're fairly infrequent. there's a huge selection of music, including many pretty obscure artists.
music has a good quality, almost everything is avaliable. and everything is free, that's really a bargain_ i gladly listen to ads once in a while for that. you can't skip _or only like 5 times a day or sth_ songs or play them in a specific order, but that's ok for me. if you don't like the songs that are playing, make other playlists on your pc.
it was better when less people used it since it had less ads _i dont understand how more people using _ more ads_ and the amount of ads now is annoying but it does good with giving recommended songs and the music quality is outstanding. find out alternate ways of advertising and 5 stars will be there but thanks for the awesome service either way.
it was better when less people used it since it had less ads _i dont understand how more people using _ more ads_ and the amount of ads now is annoying but it does good with giving recommended songs and the music quality is outstanding. find out alternate ways of advertising and 5 stars will be there but thanks for the awesome service either way.
i just got the newest update for spotify and now almost every time a song ends the next song will say it's playing but no music will play unless you manually select the song, which is extremely frustrating_ and i have premium but i receive ads to buy premium now... please fix_ other than that it's amazing
it is literally the only app i pay for and i have never regretted it. this app is, simply put, god damned amazing. it has every thin and anything i could want in its selection of songs. premium is gold. only 10 bucks a month for no ads, offline listening, and a sound quality so good, the gods themselves would be jealous. tldr_ i freaking love spotify, download it now
easy to use _ not too many ads for the free app_
constant ads, about every 3 songs. same ads every day. if you're going to play this many ads, get some new ones.
great app except for all of the ads.
is really cool and has great sound quality, but has a lot of ads. the worst part is, 90_ of the ads are just promoting spending money to get rid of the ads. we wouldn't have the problem with all these ads if you didn't promote the stupid thing with even more ads. only reason i'm using this app instead of pandora is because you can control which artists you want to listen to. other than that, i'd just delete the app entirely.
so far my favorite music app. it has all the music i'm looking for but i hate all the ads but besides that it's a really good app. _
ads i can live with great quality one of the better free music apps
just the ads.
i love this app. minimal ads, never a problem with it, the best music app i've ever had
best music app i've come across, also biggest music library. better than iheart radio and pandora combined and if you choose not to pay for premium the only ads you get are ones saying _hey buy spotify premium k thanks bye_ unlike the long commercials on the other mentioned apps
to many ads is their realy one one single app for free music download, common i could easly dowload it from youtube and copy it to my phone, why not have a single ad free non pay app just one.
i _ this app. i its so helpful and fun. you only have an ad every half hour unless you have premium
the app is very good it's just that you get limited skips and ads
because it had ad's suck_
it'd great for music, highly suggest people get it, however the advertising for _1 for 3 months is off putting, and the actual _10 per month after that is very expensive. as your large teen audience, we already pay a phone plan on top of this, and at _120 a year  its hard to understand why i wouldn't just buy music. as well, 2 ads in a row now_ that is to much.
it'd great for music, highly suggest people get it, however the advertising for _1 for 3 months is off putting, and the actual _10 per month after that is very expensive. as your large teen audience, we already pay a phone plan on top of this, and at _120 a year  its hard to understand why i wouldn't just buy music. as well, 2 ads in a row now_ that is to much.
it's great till ads come up.
love it because it give me the best song hate it because of the ads of premium
i use to like this app, i use to listen to pandora, but i chose this one because it had more options, music quality is great_ but the ads are too much_ i get _watch this video for 30 minutes of ad free listening_ i watch the video, but then its followed by 8 other ads, not everyone has the money to pay for no ads, at least make less ads, i understand yall have to make money somehow but its outrageous. still my favorite music app_ none like it.
not one complaint i freaking love this it is way better than pandora and has less ads haha
without premium there are a lot of ads, but premium is absolutely worth it.
could be better for the not as rich people who can't really afford no ads or complete listening experience
every song i wanted, really useful. great but bit to many adverts
spotify has the best music  and there's never a problem _ and the only thing is the ads but the rest is that the music is amazing
ads but either way awesome
i did not pay for premium access to be subjected to ads _ even if its from spotify itself, especially in my notification bar. stop it or lose a subscriber.
ad an upload option _don't make it for premium users only or i will give it one star_
i love spotify except that i have spotify premium _took the three month deal_ and i have unlimited skips and no ads.only problem, i was in the car one day and i plugged my phone into the aux cord and the music would not play so i turned on my mobile data and then it decides to work_
this app is perfect exempt the ads there's not a lot that's why i _it
the adverts can be annoying but i'm too tight to pay for the as free version
great music selection the suggestions are good and has most of the music i listen to but to many ads
i love spotify. i get the songs i want and can listen to them whenever i want. all though there are ads, they don't bother me and it's worth being stopped every few songs to continue to listening to music i love. it's easy to use and free. what's not to love_
this app is amazing one of the best music apps but i have a huge problem with spanish ads i don't speak spanish and it bothers me greatly please get rid of them please
the 30 second ads sometimes don't give the prompt to be watched when the voiceover says you can. and sometimes it plays regular ads instead of showing the 30 second ad. it worked great before, can't remember exactly when it stopped functioning right. also, i don't speak spanish, so i would like to remove spanish ads. great app otherwise_
worth it for the paid version. offline listening and no lousy ads ftw
to many ads. i skip 6 songs and it just gives me 3 ads 30 seconds long each. please fix
this app is amazing_ i got a 2 year subscription with my fido plan. there is no buffering, ads or issues. plus, i can save songs and listen to them while i'm offline. highly recommended_
best app ever, price is amazing if you want to skip ads but if you don't mind then having it free is still great experience..  _
to many ads
updated earlier, launched the app and now it keeps popping up with ads telling me to go premium when i've got another 2 and a bit months left of paid premium.
good but hate ads
ita great ti be free ad
don't get me wrong, i love it but i don't use it that often to buy premium. and if you don't have premium its not that good they play songs over again and its stupid and when they say thirty minutes of ad free music they lie but i think it's a good app
everything was perfect, but ads were a little bit irratating
the ads are longer and more repetitive and even more frequent. i understand that's what happens in the free version but there's more competition out there. i've been using spotify for 5 years now.
love this app. the only thing i don't like about this app is all the ads and it takes up a lot of data.
there are too many advertising
even with a free account we can do a lot of things, but the ads are really annoying
shuffle won't play my whole playlist, it's not premium but would definitely be a plus since the adverts come on and your stuck on shuffle
please make it faster. there are times when the ads are exponentially louder than the music...
to many ads when free
its always about money why_ after sometimes useing they ask for for money and u gotta pay for it. too much ads and useless app ttpod is better than this useless app
i enjoy not having ads playing and the new artists. great playlists and nice to create my own. i use this app everyday.
would give 5 stars but there are way too many ads to enjoy the music_
does not have alot of ads
_ it works beautifully without ads
it still plays ads even tho i watch the spotify video to be ad free for 30 minutes.
awesome. it was great but to many ad's
i love this app, i have been using spotify for some years  it's a good accompany when you're in long journey_   should get a premium account to skip all ads
stop all the ads why is there one ad then an ad right after that one it makes no sense
please, i know it's free but do you really have to have like 5 or more suggestion songs_ i want to listen to my playlist. i don't mind if you put one or two suggestions but constantly giving me suggestions when i just want to listen to my playlist is just annoying. the adverts you need i get it. but please, only put like two suggestion on when we're listening to playlist, it's really annoying when i want to go back to the playlist but can't because i've ran out of skips.
the app itself is great and i'd have given 5 stars if ads didn't exist... they piss me off
the fact that you can make your own playlists is great, and the fact that you can subscribe and follow other playlists or artists is even more so. however, i find that the ads are popping up more than i would like. i also find it annoying how you have to pay for premium in order to play your songs in the order you want. furthermore, i also noticed a lack of artists on the app. for instance, bon iver, a well known musician isn't on there, but there are covers of his songs on there_...
i used to totally love this app. it's better than pandora. i can actually type in a song i'm wanting to hear and it plays it instead of having to hear a station but the ads are killing me. i wish they wouldn't charge so much money every month, _10 is a lot to some people.
i hate ads. how about the people who dont have credit cards who wants premium too_ be fair.
great, but ads are annoying
this app has everything i'm looking for in music . wish it has less ads.
good quality music,, the only thing that bugs me, are the audio ads playing between songs _'_
needs to have where you can play it offline without needing to pay for premium. the only thing premium should have is no ads and the offline feature needs to be in the free section of the service.
you can't skip as many songs as you want_ every time you want to go to a different song ads will pop up about getting spotify music premium, and u will have to pay, it works horrible
for a free music service there is very little adverts _every half an hour_ and so long as you don't skip too much its great. would go premium if i could afford it.
it dnt save your playlists for long. every and any should be able to play at a click. browsing feels very limited and lacks ''fuzzy logic''. now....now, stupid voice over ads. uninstalled this a_wipe app
it's good but ads just keep popping up every little bit. very aggravating when i'm trying to find an artist and a ad comes up out of nowhere.
i never tried other paid services but i was surprised to see so many songs i love missing_ and it's so random, like only some songs from some artists_ and i hate to hear chinese ads even though i live in hk, that doesn't mean i speak chinese_
you should remove the ads _
yeah its fine u get to listen to like whatever songs u want to kinda. that is the problem i mean why do u have to upgrade to premium anyway i know its because of the ads but i mean come more than half if people dont listen or just take there headphones out or something. but other than that i mean its pretty great.
good selections, but it's really just an advertisement for their _premium_ app, which you have to buy. one star.
i feel like i own 75_ of all the music i'd ever want and the 25_ i'm not able to find on here is easily made up for with the hundreds of new artists and songs i've since discovered.  premium service is recommended to avoid ads and be able to preview at will.
love spotify_ and i understand you guys make your money some how by making premium which is just amazing but without it oh my god_ soo many ads and i could usually watch a video n get a half hour without ads and i never get the offer anymore which sucks other than that minor detail... keep it up_
now i can anywhere without lags and ads
i am ending my subscription after this month. i am not paying a subscription fee if you are going to be tossing in ads. get bent.
was great until i started getting back to back ads and what seems like 5 ads for 2 songs
love this_but,the ads though
i love the quality of the music, and perhaps   lessen the ads please
i liked it at first but it skips alot and to many ads
spotify premium is a must get. all songs on demand and no ads. you don't need wifi or data just play the song once and it's yours. you would have to be crazy not to get it. totally worth 10 bucks a month_
i hate how you have to buy everything on this app. the ads are so annoying and it's just really annoying how it keeps skipping
aside from the ads, this app is great because i can add any music that i want and listen to it anywhere. you can start your playlist with whichever song you want.
i really like spotify, the only downfall is if you don't have premium there's tons of ads, also the ads seem to mess with the shuffle function on playlists _the only way you can listen to anything without premium is on shuffle mode_ i will hear one song 6 times and others not at all in the 8 hours a day i use it. premium definitely worth the _9.99, pretty large music library, found a lot of underground music i didn't expect any streaming service to have. all in all great service if you don't mind paying 10 dollars a month for premium.
great music mix but please get rid of that _share a song_ ad, might be the worst ad i've ever listened to
recently started premium_got that christmas deal_. i love the perks, but i think it's too expensive monthly. i don't mind the ads but let me skip as much as i want and play the song i want.
i really like it and the music quality is awesome. but there are two to three ads every other song._
just needs to stop with the ads and playing music that was not chosen
just needs less ads
so maybe it's that i'm not paying for the premium membership and just enjoying the free version but i hear the same 30 or so songs over and over off the almost 1800 songs i have on my playlist. i know it's free but i do have to listen to all the ads so come on_
its cool, but ads still suck.
great for listening to songs on demand_ i recommend buying premium _ no ads and music on the go.
if u want to listen to huge library n great play list. download this app. apply for premium to listen without ads. _
constantly freezes during ads and i'm forced to exit the app and go back in after 5 minutes
you can enjoy music anytime and they give you chances to play music for 30 minutes without ads
too many ads
dont like that theres ads but other wise its awesome_
more flexible and user friendly than itunes. ads are also family friendly unlike itunes
i use spotify all the time to listen to music on my pc and phone. the extreme quality is pretty much cd quality imo and sounds great _at least on my audio technica m50xs_. however, even without paying, you get a decent experience_ albeit with occasional ads, poorer quality _fine for most uses_, and forced shuffle _unless you're on a tablet_. if you're wondering about range of music, you can find almost everything except for taylor swift and some super_underground stuff.
i hate that i have would have to pay to select the music i want, seriously like just make premium stop ads
less advertisements, including ways to decrease the amount that you hear_ well put together as well.
i understand that you have to play advertisements for the people that don't pay  but its kind of really annoying when you play the same advertisement every 3 songs like if you are going to play any advertisements at least switch it up i have gotten the same advertisement for the past 3 days and it makes me want to delete the app please fix this
it is better then pandora it is amazing there is nothing more to say then that and there isn't that much ads
i take that back after my 7 day trail you've raped me with ad's i can't fast foward music or choose what song i want to play. your app sucks a colored man's dick  and i'm deleteding it.
its great just costs too damn much and i hate the american adverts. but when i got the 3 months for a euro_2 it was great. will probably leave spotify until another great deal like that comes back
unlike the in_browser player for spotify, you only get access to shuffle play and radio unless you buy premium membership. regardless, it works very well with sparse ads interrupting your music.
its great if you buy premium, it gets rid of the annoying ads, and stops adding random music to your playlist, without premium i give a 3 star rating, with premium its a 5 out of 5
great  get rid of ad
allows you to background play and there aren't loads of adverts. tablet version had more features than mobile, which is weird considering they're both on marshmallow_
i don't mind the adverts but when i watch one and they say you now have half hour free music with no adverts i don't expect to hear one 17 mins later..... sort it out_
do not get this unless you pay for premium it interrupts your music to play ads
you need the premium to get the full use out of the app. with the highest sound quality and ad free music listening, spotify cannot be beat
users want to listen to the music they want, and how is it fair when mobile users have to pay for no shuffle_ there's also the annoying video ads. get rid of the damn forced shuffle mode.
a lot of ads and you can't play a song you want because of random play_ bad access to artist_album... i'm almost to uninstall
read the fine print they like to catch you for extra money and make a maze to get of nonsense to get free.i paid for a month why i still get ads _shuffle play, a monkey wrench .i don't want it.
its good but i hate the ads
love the premium but the free app is ok too. it's free and better than radio and less ads. can pick am artist or genre...heard lots of bands i never heard of before.
it will play 5 ads in a row sometimes. it doesn't even play most the songs on the playlist.
30 minutes of ad free music yet i'm getting freaking ads. check yourselves before you wreck yourselves lol.
i don't even use spotify premium and it works great the ads are short and i can get of the shuffle play
i really like it, it doesn't have everything but has so much. i had to upgrade to premium though not so much because of the ads _which i did hate _but because otherwise you can't listen to tracks in order _ awful for opera or anything narrative. biggest problem is for the last couple of months the app suddenly closes and disappears for no reason. very irritating but i'm sure a fix is on the horizon.._
i use it on a tablet, on a tablet you can skip as many songs as you wish but there is still adss. you can't really complain considering its the free version_ if you go premium, all your doing is removing ads that last less than a minute.
i love spotify_ other than the ads, but it is very good_
i have premium which allow you to listen to any specific song and without ads. even without premium, you can still look up any song and it will be there.
good range of music and not too nagging with the ads
good selection of music. less ads than pandora.
there are many stupid restrictions, including but not limited to_ being forced to listen to a random song before being able to listen to another one, not being able to select a specific song, not being able to go back songs. the stupidest thing is the ridiculous price on premium when there are already ads
you have adel_n's new single picture, but not the actual song, spell on me.                                                        there is also no solo miranda cosgrove or aria wallace.can you stop with the 30_13 minutes free ad thing please_ i don't even know what it is saying_ and when i click 'no thanks i'd rather have the ads' it doesn't even work. of course i wouldn't interrupt a looming zombie apocalypse because they don't exist_
great but ads are annoying
amazing and u can listen to the adverts and 30 mins of free music
best app for music except the ads
i launch the app and immediately an ad plays and says, 'the next thirty minutes of ad_free listening is brought to you by...' then the ad would play with one song after then more ads would play. this has happened several times and while i don't mind listening to ads for the music, i would appreciate if they didn't lie to me..
spotify is overall a great music platform, and the android app is just another great add on. i can play my own music through the app also, which is very nice. i pay only _5 a month for premium, where i can download my music onto my phone so i don't have to use data to stream my music. also, with premium i can skip all those annoying ads. spotify has really changed my music listening experience.
i got this app to listen to my favorite songs, not to hear the same guy go _sooo, i just wanted to say.._ every two songs, i get about four ads in a row and they're all of the same guy with the annoying voice that listens to fake songs. minimize the ads, please, or the app's leavin the phone.
the thirty minutes of ad free music is a joke because i got a commercial telling me thirty min ad free music after that my songs plays after the song an ad for a movie pops up so it's lying to us fix the problem please because it's false advertising. there's nothing ad free about spotify
the thirty minutes of ad free music is a joke because i got a commercial telling me thirty min ad free music after that my songs plays after the song an ad for a movie pops up so it's lying to us fix the problem please because it's false advertising. there's nothing ad free about spotify
irritating ads
great interface. false advertising on some promos. they hooked me for 3 months at 9.99. used a gift card for 10 bucks as payment from target and they only gave 1 month. customer service was a joke.
no ads as a premium upgrade is awesome.   unlike pandora who still gives you commercials.   unlimited skips vs pandora's extra skips.  spotify takes me to new ways to listen to music vs pandora.  at least i can listen to whatever i want and not have to settle like i did on pandora.
a lot of good music. not many ads. no weird permissions. _unlike pandora_
i love it but lower down on the ads _u_
ads are to frequent. would give 5_ if ads are a bit more spaced out say every 10 songs
but there are a lot of kinks in the system it randomly stops the music and it shuts down on me.when i watch the video to skip ads i still get ads like wtf. but it's good for what i need it for i guess.
i love the app, and the seamless switching of devices. i just wish you didn't need to pay so much to go _premium_ to go without ads, and to play music umshuffled. otherwise, it's great to use, easy to share playlists with friends, and all the music you could think of.
still no working support for sd cards, even when advertised.
love it_ even though  i hate the ads i still think it's  really  good_
spotify used to be good u could skip how much u wanted few ads and u could play any song u wanted bring old spotify back_
so many ads but cool
very few ads, just wish that you got all features in free version
it is amazing, but at one condition. it is irritating when ads appear between songs, but mostly amazing app_
i love music and this is the most music for the most fairest price u can get. no commercials and ads. i love it.
the only reason i don't like it is cuz of the ad it always says to upgrade to premium
i really love this app_ almost every song and_or album that ili was looking was available_ the ads are a bit annoying but what can you expect when it's free. i would consider buying the app if it was a little cheaper per month. other than that i would absolutely recommend this app to everyone_
love the setup_ the advertising is short. i enjoy everything about it_
love it_ great selection of music and advertisement are not to terrible.
i like the music selections but there are way too many commercial ads, it's too excessive to have an ad after every 2_3 songs.
spotify is awesome. though a select few artists have chosen to withhold from putting their music on spotify, the choices are vast and many. i find it a worthy investment to upgrade to premium with no advertisements and the opportunity to select whatever song you would like to listen to whenever you feel the urge.
i can stream almost any music i want advert free for _10 and download to avoid abusing my data plan. makes it the perfect player for my life.
for unlimited music without paying, best app. ads are expected but a great way to support the artists.
ads suck
now that i don't have premium, it works like crap. i don't mind the ads.....it all the freezing up and stalling. mostly because the want me to go back to premium. i have internet.......and it's unlimited. so that doesn't have anything to do with. hate it now....period. and i paid the end of nov. it didn't work at all. it's not worth it.
can i just downloaded songs without premium being in the way and choose my own song as well look before premium came i was fine spotify was fine now this bullshit came so wat if ads come between songs it does it in the radio so i have no problem come on fix my problem and ill rate because if your tryna make money u sure have a hell of a way tryna get some so fix for a tbh and maybe i'll rate ok and i'm reading through comments ppl have the same problem spotify u suck pandora here i come
love this app. i use it on all my new phones i get. i install it immediately. wish it had less ads though.
its aight but them 30 second ads bull
but has too many ads , and definitely not 30 minutes in between each ad.
since i won't get premium it constantly plays 3 ads at a time but other than the ads the app is the best i've found so far
i love this app even though there the stupid ads i love it cuz i can listen to my music
i love it the only thing i don't like is that there are a lot of ads and u half to have internet for everything but overall i love it
ads keep appearing in the middle of the song, please fix would be 5 stars otherwise
can we downloaded ad songs on spotify_
other than the ads, i love it
it is way better than pandora, for me, ads barely come, and instead of whatever comes on, you can choose whatever you want.
spotify is spotify.....it is a music streaming service that offers the user free music to stream anywhere anytime _as long as they are connected to wifi_. the mobile app doesn't spam the user with obnoxious advertisements, but still manages to sprinkle them in frequently enough. let's just say their ad pop ups between the songs_albums you stream is at a happy medium. unlike the desktop app though, all tracklists are on shuffle this includes track lists for albums which can be a bit frustrating.
spotify is spotify.....it is a music streaming service that offers the user free music to stream anywhere anytime _as long as they are connected to wifi_. the mobile app doesn't spam the user with obnoxious advertisements, but still manages to sprinkle them in frequently enough. let's just say their ad pop ups between the songs_albums you stream is at a happy medium. unlike the desktop app though, all tracklists are on shuffle this includes track lists for albums which can be a bit frustrating.
good variety and customization, but tends to get annoying with ads.
30 minutes free of ad free music... for semi interisting short commercials, i haves serius, youtube, this app is the best
this is a really amazing app. but the only thing is ads will pop up,but not as much as pandora. and if you run out of skips just go to your recent apps and swipe it,then get back in, and poof you have skips_
the only thing that gets annoying are the adds that pop up occasionally but the ads are usually to get you 30 minutes of uninterrupted music time which is really cool
this has nothing wrong with it accept that the music sometime get 30 sec ad
besides the ads it allowed me to find my favorite song's
i love spotify_ all though there is ads that are unwanted it is always the best of the best
i had to uninstall it and reinstall it twice because the ad froze and wouldn't let me do anything. i even tried logging out and back on. nope. was still frozen.
one to many ads
it's awesome just don't want a lot of ads
it would be good if it didn't get an ad in the middle of music of be able to lisen offline for free
eh its alright, i like the playstation 4 version of spotify you can skip as many songs as you want until you get an ad. if you made this app do this like the playstation. you will get all 5 stars. thanks.
had this for a long time now and i reccomend it over any other app i've tried. yes there's ads, yes there's not an unlimited skip and yes you may have to shuffle an entire album to listen to one song without premium. but the limited skip isn't on all devices, neither is the shuffle and you can use ad_block software on pc to remove all of these issues.
i love it. no ads. online and offline, depending on what you're listening to. it's just great.
the songs are all high quality and i love that i can browse new music _because i used to have to go on youtube for that_ but i still can't stand that we have limited skips _for spotify free_ and can't choose a specific song out of a playlist or album. i dont care about the ads.. or suggested songs.. it's just if i wanna skip a song so bad, i legit have to suffer for 3 minutes which feels like an hour_ lol_
this is the best music app you can ever get, but you will have to pay to listen to music offline and if you don't want ads. if you don't mind spending a dollar or so, this app is amazing.
great job. its a good app with out purchasing. but finally gave it a shot with yalls special and it's worth it. can create my own stuff on or offline can hear my music. no ads and can skip. i know people love free stuff. but yall must not be so cheap so much and support what you like. so i now support spotify. great job fellas. i will continue to be part of the team.
i like the app..but there's to many ads, if you guys can fix that..i'll give you 5 stars but right now i give yall 4
barely works, too many ads, freezes all the time and glitches, it's just a bad app
this app is great it plays music whilst u r doing something else but... it has quite a lot of adverts
it is really good but the adverts are annoying
even though i hate it,when ads stops my music
loved it but the adverts annoy me
i love it but dont play two ir three somgs then two ads. it just makes people unhappy
the spotify app doesn't allow you to select which song you want to play and has a limited amount of skips for users who don't have premium. there are so many more ads compaired to the web player. if your a user who uses the free version then your better of using the web version over the app.
sound sucks now when i first got the app ab 2 yrs ago sound was good ad with every upgrade sound gets  sorrier
great app, lots of variety. lots of ads.
i'm not ever over_exaggerating, i absolutely love it. premium is so worth it_ i mean, i feel like i'm carrying the whole universe of music in my hands wherever i go and not having ads is a lot better than i thought it would be. i recommend this app for all.
it is so good. you can get all the songs u like but the thing is that it keeps do i g adverts which is really annoying
if your looking for the most complete and organized one this is it. _ less anoying ads _
the music is easy and great,  but it has so many ads.  it's not the ads that get me it's how annoying and repetitive they are that is what bothers me.  i mean it drove me to right this review just to show my dislike.  i'd pay for the premium but i can get hulu plus for less.
sometimes on my nexus 7 if i lock it while spotify music is playing, it will pause and stop playing. it also sometimes only plays the first 11 seconds of a song and stops suddenly, then won't play unless i delete the app history and re_open the app. the ads are also not 30 minutes apart, it says _the next 30 minutes are ad_free_ but i check and it only gives me 10 or 15 minutes of no ads, which is really annoying. improve these things please, then it will be 10_10 and i will change my rating to 5 stars
too many ads
worth the monthly charge if you use on mobile devices and hate ads
this app is great and not that many ads. i highly recommend this app to anyone who has a knack for music
advertify
can't do stuff all on it, needs to be premium. i didn't mind the ads but now i can't skip, i can't play an album in order _ many other things without paying for premium.... i'll go back to the app i used to use.
lately it won't play at all. the songs or the ads,  it stops after 2 seconds and i press play and it stops again after 2 seconds.
the video ad is great_ after watching the video, 30min without ads_ a lot less annoying then then little ads. thanks for this type of ads.
i found alot of nice music, and is really enjoyable, and easy to use. howeve there are so many ads.
amazing if you don't mind me ads and random shuffling of your songs.
i get an ad that says _if i want 30 mins of ad free music, watch this video_ and 15 to 20 mins after the video i get another ad. is this false advertisement_ whatever it is, i don't like it_ 01_07_16 _ how come when i wanted to listen to the star wars_ the force awakens soundtrack, it played random pop songs_
i get an ad that says _if i want 30 mins of ad free music, watch this video_ and 15 to 20 mins after the video i get another ad. is this false advertisement_ whatever it is, i don't like it_ 01_07_16 _ how come when i wanted to listen to the star wars_ the force awakens soundtrack, it played random pop songs_
it froze so many times uhh hated it never getting again my brother has it and he hates it reasons 1 to many ads 2 frozes 20 times 3 wont let me and him sign in what a dum app this is
i can find most of the music i want and i can cope with the adverts especially when you get 30 mins ad free. i can cope with only being able to use shuffle. what i can't stand are the random suggested songs that after a certain point you have to listen to before you can listen to the track you want. i can't afford to upgrade right now nor  i likely to do so unless something is done about the absolutely stupid suggested songs
i can find most of the music i want and i can cope with the adverts especially when you get 30 mins ad free. i can cope with only being able to use shuffle. what i can't stand are the random suggested songs that after a certain point you have to listen to before you can listen to the track you want. i can't afford to upgrade right now nor  i likely to do so unless something is done about the absolutely stupid suggested songs
its a pretty cool app but hate the ads
easy to use and has a wide variety of music and always getting updates and improving_ just ads can be annoying_
i love it, it is the best but you need wifi just so you know unless you have premium which costs money and there are ads but there is only like in 2hours and the ads are 30secs. i love this app_
when spotify plays all the good songs but then plays the bad one's so you run out of skips and have to suffer for the next few hours then the advert tells you to buy premium for _only_ _9.99 a month....... if i could i would so shut your mouth. otherwise, they ofter a decent service.
great. no problems. not many ads considering the free content is so vast.  free version allows you to build play lists, beats other streaming apps.
ive had premium enough times to not get 5 ads in a row and aftet all that not a single song was what i wanted to hear. laaaaame ads
even with the ads this is by far and away the best source for you favorite music listening enjoyment regardless of genre, free or subscription. love it_ 5 stars for sure_
premium is so good i would rate it 5 stars,  however i never used to have premium and it just kept freezing after the ads on several occasions_
by far the best music streaming app out there when it comes down to it. free streaming has minimal ads and you can create playlists. premium gives you the option of crystal clear offline streaming of your playlists. nothing compares to the beauty of spotify
the free version is fine for sporadic listening but it chews through mobile data like nobody's business with all the ads and optional videos for free time. i pay for it now and never looked back. especially now that shazam links straight up with spotify and you can add songs straight to your playlists from the app.
this app makes my music collection obsolete_ it's all i listen to. ads get annoying and repetitive though...get premium it's worth it.
this app gives you instant access to advertisement that prevent you from running app properly.
great music, always something different and  not many adverts. introduced me to many new artists and has expanded my musical horizons.
this app is very great for parties and things but some of the ads are inappropriate. 5 stars from me.
i left pandora for this app and at first i enjoyed the transition. then spotify decided to give more frequent ads plus play the same songs to often.
ads are annoying u can only skip 4 songs and u can't pick the songs u listen to, it's a pathetic scheme to sign up to monthly payments
too many ads, constantly drilling me to get premium which by the way i will not. interesting concept, but the app is a pushy salesman at best. will not buy premium.
it's good for music but some adverts
needs less ads though.
ads directly in the audio stream.  no thanks.
i'm happy to put up with ads to get free music but why is it always the same ad _get _77k to buy your council house_
finally some free music with almost no ad interference.
love smashing spotify on when getting baked because it just keeps playing, and premium is worth it but there's only a half hour wait for an advert without it so it's bearable
love it. shame but the adverts but i ain't paying to upgrade. so i'll make do _
videos of more than 10 seconds make hate the advertiser. advertising is a punishment ... as can the advertising in a medium which uses it as a scourge to condition yourself to suscripcion_
one ad every half an hour on the free version, the beatles and it's found everything i've wanted so far. can't fault it
the ads are irritating_  and can't save music coz _get premium_ is required_ it's useless_ _ so eeww
unlike pandora which you pay but still get ads. with spotify you can do so much more without ads when you get premium. such a great app. sound is clear and no lag. offline mode for when you are on a plane.
i love the fact that i can now control a pc playing spotify with the app itself_ it's perfect for use with my htpc on my system _ one thing i don't like is the shitload of adverts when in free mode. i'm not paying for spotify yet because of some integrational problems, but i'm tired of not being able to use all functions _which i don't mind_ and the trillion ads that are played in between numbers_
i love the fact that i can now control a pc playing spotify with the app itself_ it's perfect for use with my htpc on my system _ one thing i don't like is the shitload of adverts when in free mode. i'm not paying for spotify yet because of some integrational problems, but i'm tired of not being able to use all functions _which i don't mind_ and the trillion ads that are played in between numbers_
stop playing the same bloody adverts every 3 songs and banging on about getting premium really spoils listening to music
love this app but it's been crashing probably 10 times a day lately... please fix this like yesterday_ it's unbearable. also not a fan of horror movie ads or anything that's too loud, very disruptive.
a huge amount of music at your fingertips. ads between plays are a little bit annoying.
except the fact that there's too many ads
who needs netflix, take that monthly payment and use it on something better than binging on television shows_ when you listen to music you may just have an epiphany, or realize your brain can still learn new tricks. don't believe in the holy kingdom of the 24 hour news cycle of torture porn and advertising_                          save yourselves _ please... especially if your children still believe in you
gotta love having control of my own playlist. definitely worth the small subscription to avoid the ads. i suggest this to all of my friends seeking to host parties and small get together events_
adding annoying ads isn't going to make me get premium, it will make me stop using the app.
love the access to a bunch of music. don't like hearing certain ads when i am listening to christian music though_
i enjoy this listening app. i especially enjoy being able to share playlists with friends. i only wish that the ads in the free version were more appropriate to the music content. i listen to a lot of praise and worship so having ads bleeping explicit language, etc breaks the atmosphere_ otherwise 5 out of 5.
the desktop version i can cope with as you can choose what you want to play and it plays it. sure after 2 or 3 tracks you get some advertising but i can cope with that.          but the phone app version suck balls. sure you can search for a song. but you can't play it. you have to use shuffle play but amazingly the track you want isn't in that shuffle list. garbage_
its true to what it advertises_
works great and never seems to upset me, unless an ad comes up.
i love this application with all my heart, but people like myself that can't really afford _10 per month, just so that i can listen to my music without any adverts popping up. rip off, i wouldn't mind paying 99p per month for it or maybe you are needing to lower the price even more than that full stop.
i came here because everyone raved that it was so much better than pandora but everytime i chose an artist to listen to, i got only their songs. which would be totally awesome if they played every song. not just their hits over and over again and then limit my skips. whereas with pandora, you don't get just the artist's music that you chose, but at least you get a similar variety and all that artist's songs, even their less popular ones in the mix of others. they both have the exact amount of ads.
you can't replay a song after if finished and all the ads are annoying.
first i deal with your major pelting of ads that doesn't let me get into two 4 minute songs without showing me an ad, then the app gets buggy with me saying that im not connected to the internet _which i am, but proceeded to sign out in hopes to resolve the issue_ and now i can't log in_ the ads weren't a problem but not being able to log in is a major one. this is really unacceptable.
i know about the stopping when you skip the songs its because of adverts
have a paid plan...  love it...  unlimited skips,  no ads,  saved music library,  available with all my settings and saved library synced to all my devices,  and most of all _mostly unique to spotify...  public playlists _for the playlists members want to be public_.   love it.
have many albums to pick but sometimes have ads
after one of my favorite music streaming apps had shut down earlier this year, i gave spotify a try. i don't regret it at all, but i do wish more artists were added like nujabes _more k_pop too_. i cannot find aruarian dance on youtube anymore. but i'm happy with spotify premium because i can listen to music without ads again on my phone.
too many ads, cant choose which songs to play on mobile, you can only shuffle. everythings premium...
i love the premium i get to pick any song i want without ad's and no skip limit
better than any other music app you can get. it lets you listen to the music you want. skip the songs you don't like and make your own playlist. all for free_ you just have to deal with 1 ad every thirty minutes. which is only 30 seconds.
music with ads.
its a great app but with ads and premium for off and online music and ad free. it's kind of annoying. i really like the older version better. what is the point of the ads. i understand the other things but for premium it is super annoying. i can't even skip 1 song with out and ad about premium interrupting the music i'm listening to.
can'tcjust play tracks. full of ads and premium stuff. uninstalling.
chrome cast support, no ads, millions of songs. there is nothing else i could ask for.
if it weren't for the large variety of music in comparison to pandora, i would switch over again in a heart beat. maybe it's me but stations are hardly personalized and sometimes won't play. also the additional ad's to bit premium is really annoying. i know you sell a premium version, no need to remind me every few minutes every day_
i dont like how there are ads around every corner or how y'all want like _11 something a month for this. shaking my head
everytime it says watch ad get 30 min with out ads i get an ad the next song so don't watch the ad
i particularly like that you can save your own playlist even when you're not a premium member. although it comes with the price of ads, limited skipping and inability to select what song you'll particularly like to hear, it's well worth it.
the best internet music station by far. and the ads for the free version is very minimal and definitely acceptable. premium comes with unlimities skipping, downloading_offline play and lots more. might just be getting the premium soon as i travel quite a bit and would be fantastic to be able to connect to spotify anywhere, anytime without having to connect to the internet.
the app is easy to use and has a stunning amount of music. for once, an app that does whats written on the box, it plays music with few ads. you make youf own playlists, and its only a tiny monthly fee to play them offline. an amazing app, all in all.
the skip limits are way too low, there's no point in making playlists if it's going to insert random tracks, the catalogue is ridiculously limited for how expensive the service is. the worst part is the ads, and don't believe them when they say if you listen to the longer one you get 30 min ad free.  i did the longer ad a few times and always had another ad within a couple songs, often it would play an ad, play one song, and then another ad. i would never pay for this crap.
love it. easy to use and sponsor blocks of music make ads tolerable
i've had pandora and iheartradio before and spotify has been the best so far. they give me 30 minutes of ad free music for only watching a video. also their temporary sale only charges _1 every three months if you choose to go premium
i love it, and it has a ad that you click on and it will give you 30 minutes without ads, and the ad is not even 30 seconds.
not good , i hate how you need premium for everything are ye if reading these reviews  because this is what everyone complained about at least let us people with out premium be able to shuffle our music , play our playlists with out wifi and have no adverts because it annoys me _ i'm making a new spotify acc every week now just to get the free premium _ this app is bad i'd give 0 stars if possible_
sonetimes it says u have 30 mins of ad free music and it seems like you actually dont other than that its great
i love this app. it's the best music app i have ever used. there are millions of songs, radio's , comedy, and more. but i wish that the ads were shorter.
music _with only ads every 30 minutes if u don't have premium_ is amazing it lets you choose what you want, when you want.
a good app for music lovers but could use a few tweaks. but the main question is why am i limited to only 10,000 songs_ so many genres, so many artists who make so many songs..  surely with the amount users worldwide who either pay the premium or allow the earnings through ads, money for storage of playlists surely can't be an issue.._
if you don't feel like paying for music, and if you like to customize your experience when listening to music,  spotify is the answer for you. listen to unlimited music and few ads with spotify.
it is so amazing but i hate the ads they are so annoying but otherwise it is amazing
don't like the ads
no ads all music_
but i don't have premium so the ads are anoyoing
able to check out load of albums for free adverts pop up now and again but not a problem
ads are a pain and i don't like the suggested tracks much_
apart from the adverts i love this app means i don't have to buy cd's anymore. would recommend this app.
spotify kicks major behind_ my roommate uses the free version and likes the different stations, and the ads don't seem to bug him. i pay for premium and i can't think it being without it anymore. almost every artist i like and need are at my fingertips waiting to be streamed.... love it_
so many ads but cool
best music app ever used by me personally but a bit to many ads
great app, easy to use and very few advertisements considering how much great music i can access for free. i do recommend paying for premium, the ability to download is great for on the go and high quality audio.
i had a free music app that didn't need wifi, had no ads, and unlimited skips. it got taken off the market, this was the next best thing. it will never compare to that other app. you need to pay to have the skips, available offline, and you still have apps. it's also pretty much impossible to delete old playlist. it makes me angry. and you can't chose what song to play, it has to be in shuffle. the shuffle doesn't evenly cover the songs either, it plays the same 15 songs over and over again.
what i love about pandora is the opportunity to discover new music, but when i want to vibe to my own tunes, i turn to spotify. i have the premium account mostly because i don't want to spoil a mood with ads, but  also so i can download playlists which gives me access to my music even when i'm offline. ive discovered some new music through spotify too, and as an unofficial d.j with a music obsession, i can always appreciate that. also, unlike pandora, no limit on song skips.
the ads ruin the _ambiance_. you get really into the music and then there's an ad. it also sucks for the people who don't want premium that we can't specifically pick and chose a song we like
does what it does very well. the paid version is well worth the ability to listen to playlists off_line and skip the annoying ad spots.
after 3 songs wouldn't let me play a single song without getting premium. please fix and i'll rate higher. plus, it says nothing should come between u and ur music in a certain ad. ok_ then y do ppl have to pay for premium_ plus, y have 3ads about getting premium in between skipping songs_
i love spotify except that i have spotify premium _took the three month deal_ and i have unlimited skips and no ads.only problem, i was in the car one day and i plugged my phone into the aux cord and the music would not play so i turned on my mobile data and then it decides to work_
serriouly go primum to gt rid of suffle play .pay to gt rid of rah ads is ok but sufgle play serriouly _
you can just listen to music all day but i hate ads
all i have noticed is good things so far, so much on here. missing a few tho like advertising beatles songs all online streaming but missing some_ all good tho _
i would give it a 5, but you say 3 months free of ads.every 5 or 6 songs i hear a ad what the hell.
i love the music and the ads aren't  that long.
from 5 stars to 2 stars. i'm using spotify on tablet and now i can't select what song to play as opposed to advertised _play any song, anytime_ on tablet. has the policy been changed_ if so, they should have updated it in the app description. if not, i hope this will be fixed soon. thanks_
i pay for music not ads _ half the reason i use spotify is because it had no ads... latest update sucks
pandora will give u ads after every two songs, and it's not just one ad, it's about two or three, spotify gives you thirty minutes _ads free_ and it will only give u about one ad every seven songs.
other than the short ads it's really good_
too many ads, uninstalled. otherwise great app if you pay.
works very well. has option to pay to skip ads.
notification spam is not cool.  i truly don't care that you have the beatles now.  i've turned off all notifications in your app, and you blatantly choose to disregard.  i shouldn't have to disable notifications via android to get you to stop spamming a subscriber.  and i thought advertisements in the notification bar was disallowed in the developer guidelines.
that say 3o minutes of ad free music, but there is an ad after only 7.
it's not bad. there is a pretty good selection of the music i listen to. my big issue is that i can't purchase spotify premium with the money i have on my google play account. and you don't get 30 minutes of ad free music. i usually get two or three songs and then two ads.
convenient and music quality is top notch...the only downside is that you have to pay to listen music offline and without ads...but other than that its great. i use it everyday and yes, eventually i had to pay.
love to play all my favorite music with this app. minimal ads. easy to use
the best app of its kind for music on the go or just music....... ads not good but really you can put up with it. i have not got spotify premium but i have heard great things about it. great app overall
i have the premium version as i can't stand ads. it took a while but spotify finally started recommending songs that i like. wish they had more bollywood remixes but still not bad.
only thing is all the adverts but i guess that's how they get there money apart from premium
newer versions much better and stable. i had to get the basic version for a while and it was terrible. too many ads and restrictions. i love spotify premium but its basic version is not great and when you have no option to get premium it's quite upsetting.
playlists are brilliant and the app itself is quite handy. however adverts that are popping up every 15 minutes or so is quite off putting. but apart from that, it's a good app.
the dots for adding to queue are so picky, i end up playing the song instead of aging to queue inadvertently.  good selection and bit rate
i love the music types and has all types of music  they have christmas  songs and easter songs and valentines  songs just all kind. but one thing is the ads.
i watch the video for _30 minutes ad free listening_, but if you skip a few songs another ad comes up. it's really annoying. sometimes when that ad ends, there are two more after it.
once you have everything set up and as long as you don't mind advertising, this service is fantastic.
wtf is up with the ads_ spotify a year ago was not this riddled with ads. and also, it makes you watch a video and says _enjoy 30 minutes of ad free music_, so i think great ad free 30 minutes. at the time i was listening to christmas music cause it's, and 10 minutes after the ad free 30 minutes video, i suddenly get this weird thing called a suggested song that starts playing. the suggest song is some random popular 2 chainz song. really_ you totally killed the atmosphere_ please get rid of them.
notification spam is not cool.  i truly don't give a sh_t that you have the beatles now.  i've turned off all notifications in your app, and you blatantly choose to disregard.  i shouldn't have to disable notifications via android to get you to stop spamming a paying customer.  and i thought advertisements in the notification bar was disallowed in the developer guidelines.
it's nearly perfect just the ads are annoying since i can't afford premium
i just hate they put so many ads on youtube.
i love how it works and there is not an ad every 2 songs awesome keep up all the good work spotify
stop the ads
i can find any artist i want to listen to. not a lot of ads. way better than pandora
works basically exactly as advertised, i wish it would try to load songs a bit faster, maybe preloading the next song in an album as while downtown my reception for data sometimes goes to crap for a block or two and my jam cuts out, but otherwise works excellently
perfectly built with very little ad interruptions.
omg thus app is amazing it knows all of my favorite songs. even when i go premium_ i love the 30 minute ad skip
needs less ads and suggested songs
ads after about every song
it works. no glitches, no other stuff or anything. the playlists are great, and the app itself is simple, and easy to use. it's really great. although the spotify premium ads are kinda annoyng
judging by the increased number of push ads recently, you must no longer value my subscription. i love the app. i love the way it works. but i plunk down good money specifically to not suffer any advertisements whatsoever.
judging by the increased number of push ads recently, you must no longer value my subscription. i love the app. i love the way it works. but i plunk down good money specifically to not suffer any advertisements whatsoever.
really good music but the ads are annoying
it is amazing there are only a couple of ads but other wise amazing_
notifications advertising things like headphone sales and beetles pop up even with all in app notifications disabled.  also tons of annoying little things like it keeps playing after disconnected from my car stereo or when i make a call.  it seems with every version they fix some bugs but introduce more.
app has started regularly pushing spam notifications advertising family plans even though all notifications have been disabled in the app.
i understand it's a free app, but i do not tolerate getting ads via push notifications when i don't even use the app.
i hated it because there were to many ads that kept on comin on
you got to sign up just to use the so called _free_ service.  why_ so they can sell your information no doubt. add intrusive ads all the time and there is little left of the once innovative streaming service.
it's annoying when adverts are so often or it is the promoted music
i love it. low mb to save space on my phone ad well.
i thought sound cloud was good but the truth nothing can beat spotify just wish i could have the ability to play any song but with ads still like i have on my tablet
i love this app_ i don't care about limited skips or ads. all my music is there all the time so as long as i can know when i get a call i'm okay with it. best app for music_
best streaming app in existence. i wish it was easier to navigate and better with suggesting othe songs based on ones you are listening to_ all it has in regard to that is starting a song radio, which is ok, but just ok. but really i do love it and with premium which doesnt give you ads. if you buy an album a month, this pays for itself
after songza started working with google play, i was so sad. this is way better than songza_ i could barely choose the songs i wanted on songza, and this is great and free even if it still had ads.
love spotify _ their new half hour ad free breaks _ awesome_
but needs some fixing. when you skip songs it freezes. or sometimes ads won't play sound, but they're going so you think the app broke.
with premium it is the perfect music app bar none. but without premium service it feels a little lacking only being able to shuffle play and having very few skips. not to mention how annoying the ads can be.
get off my home screen_ sure it's free and i listen to your adverts when i want to hear music, but when i am trying to not listen _i.e. work_ i don't need endless notifications about your limited offer on my home screen.
to many ads
i love this app. but now i can't play any of my music only the radio and it gets stuck on the ads and just plays the ad over and over again
there are too many adverts if you don't have premium. otherwise this is _10 a month
great app _ there are more adverts on the free version than there used to be but it's still a great way to discover new artists and old a kind if try before you buy.
doesn't even work. why waste my time when i can install a better free app with no ads.
i am a big music fanatic and i love all genres so have an app that i throw it all in mix with no ads is simply beautiful. as well i would like to note i have found a lot of new music using spotify and have never been so reluctant.
only problem sometimes when you watch the video for 30 mins of ad free music it doesn't always give you 30 minutes
you have adel_n's new single picture, but not the actual song, spell on me.                                                        there is also no solo miranda cosgrove or aria wallace.                                                                            can you stop with the 30_13 minutes free ad thing please_ i don't even know what it is saying_ and when i click 'no thanks i'd rather have the ads' it just plays that stupid trailer and i can't click off it to do anything else.
besides nerd began to have advertising. and no music not famous artists
still getting the hang of finding what i want but loving it. hardly any ads either which is great _d
i just love when you can play any song in this app but the ads kinda bothers me but still a good app because you can use premium to stop ads and play songs without being interrupted. i also like when you have to go somewhere you can play songs with wireless connections _ hope people would like spotify as much as i do _
ads and limits _
can't beat free. couple of ads, oh well.
so i really like spotify, but why so many ad's. spotify has 100 million downloads on android only, and has an ad every 2_3 songs. yet iheartradio only has 10 million downloads on android, and only has an ad at the beginning of the first song and every 10_15 songs. so why can't spotify make the same amount of money if not a little more then iheartradio by cutting down the ad's and getting more downloads.
i've used pandora for years _ have always hated the ads, usually 2_3 in a row, couldn't stand the music selection, and skip limitations. i fly a lot and can't listen to pandora while in the air since it isn't available offline _without wifi_service_. i read a bunch of reviews on tons of music apps, came across multiple reviews on spotify, mostly good. and you can download the music so you can listen to it offline. i paid 99 cents for 3 months. no ads either. love it. will continue to use it for a long time.
i love the app. the only thing i don't like is that i'll watch the commercial for 30 minutes of ad free music. but 10 minutes later, another commercial will come on. it just sucks... other than that i love the app.
the sound is okay, but the ads keeping getting in the way every half hour.
this app is amazing in so many ways like that it has such a variety and that i can stream with out ads
spotify is awesome even though that you have to upgrade to premium to enjoy music without any ads. plus there is a skipping limit. idc i still love it.
i wish it didn't have soo many ad's but besides that it's a great  app_
everytime i click in a radio an ad pops up and says 30 min of no ads and when i click on another radio another ad pops out
i pay monthly to avoid ads, but there is no way to disable the ads this app shoves into my notification tray.
i pay money to have spoitfy without ads, yet it still shows ads in notifications.
i like it, i just wish there were less ads and stuff. otherwise a great app_
the notification screen on my phone is not there for spotify to advertise to me. seriously considering walking away from service for this boneheadness
i pay premium to avoid adverts. stop with the notifications about giving the _gift of spotify_...
i pay for premium and it is spamming my notification bar with adverts about buying premium for others. this is unacceptable and a violation of google's t's_c's.
sends me _paying customer_ repeating notification ads, that cannot be disabled, for their family account.
i was so sick of iheartradio ads.  best music streaming service in my opinion.
enjoy the app 24_7 with one advertisement every 30 min.
it's a good music app however you have to have internet connection and it said that i got half an hour of music without any ads but then 4 songs later ads come _
it's nice to be able to listen to music with out ads and find songs and play music you wanna listen to not all albums are available but majority of it is nice you can play music also with out using data by switching too off mode to the songs you save on the phone
it should let u pick music that u want to here and to not show ads alot
spotify premium is amazing, there's nothing wrong with it. spotify free however isn't that good. you can't skip a song or re_shuffle the playlist or pick a song. i'm not too bothered about the ads or that you can't listen offline but skipping a song or picking a song should be free
easy to use and 30 min between ads is great
i love bring able to create my own personal play lists. not ad many commercials...love it
i hate ads as much as the next person, so had to go premium. love the metal selection. loving all the djent bands i'd never heard of. five stars
besides the ads that are 30 seconds this is the best thing ever _
free subscription needs to do away with either ads or suggested music. pick one.
i love it but it has ads that i really don't care for thanks i hope that help u decide if u would download it or not _
_9.99 a month seems steep when it adds up. an album will cost _9.99 or more in itunes, but it is a streaming service. wish the had better deals on the family plan though. 15 for 3 users would be better. even if you don't pay and have to deal with the ads i like it better than pandora as that caters to more mainstream genres. you'd be surprised the selection you have on spotify. you get a huge selection for the cost so its hard to complain about that. it's either with in your budget or it isn't.
ad free is messing up, i have to constantly restart it
ok so before the update i loved where there were no ads and i was happy but now it's not like that incredible anymore plz bring back no more ads and i'll rate it 4 stars again
very good application. i do not like your ads only.
with the premium account it's great, without the ads are really annoying.
ads are a bit too frequent.
really great app _ i found an issue though. i have a 5 second cross fade set time. when there's a song then an ad plays, the song ends abruptly for the ad before the song ends. please fix it. thanks.
the app is easy and accessible to all songs i like. only small problems are ads, and i wish you could save some songs to your device, for when you don't have wifi. other than that the songs are the official songs and i like how you can _make playlists and also listen to other radio stations. better than pandora_ _
good music, but many ads. _
awesome app. good variety. yes there are ads but its only 3 minutes long for every 30 minutes of music_ reasonable_
ads are annoying as hell.
pick an artist ... play ... even with the adverts it's still a great way to listen to music and the playlists are handy too
good app apart from the ads. you can get premium though
though every 30 minutes  there's an ad but i mean i guess it fair because your litsening to free music
i love that i can find most of the music i like on here but what really irks me is that every time i get the offer for 30 mins free of ads and i don't ever get the full 30 mins , i only get like 5 or 10 mins.
i used to use iheart radio, milk, and pandora but not anymore_ no more limited skipping over boring songs or ads. i pick what i want how i want it and when i want it.
i love music. i also love a good source for my music. this app is by far the best there is. even for the free with ads it is beautiful. i pay 9.99 per month and i've never been so happy with a music source. it is reliable, easy to use, and is light on your battery and ram. the only issue i know of is that the equalizer built in to spotify doesn't exist on some devices and i don't know the reason for that but a free music equalizer that runs in the background solves that.
spotify premium is the best thing ever happened to me... offline listening, no ads, and great quality.
used to hate spotify, waited a bit for updates and whatnot. a year later i tried it again and it's perfect. i love this app. i literally listen to spotify for hours a day. premium user so no ads, i choose what song i want, not a station. or i can do a station if i'd like. i have a weird taste in music, and spotify figured it out and their recommendations are for the most part on point. without doubt my favorite app on my samsung note 3 and samsung galaxy s5. thank you for fixing this.
i really love to buy stuff off of there like unlimited  skips or free ads
frequent notifications for ads, even when not signed in to app.
_enjoy the next 30 minutes of ad free music..._ ad interrupts the next song.
i pay for spotify premium because it is supposedly ad_free. and yet, every time i open the app, i see an ad spotify premium asking if i'd like to try it. it is annoying having to press decline each time, but i suppose i'll live.
app sends ads to my notification bar, no way to turn it off. horrible decision to spam your own users
it's the best music app but why do we have to get premium just to list to the songs of our choice. i understand why we have to pay to remove ads, and have songs in better quality but why do we have to pay just to listen to a song, now all i do is press shuffle and wait minutes before the songs i wanna listen to come on. if you can remove but if you can them i'm just going to find another music app
i listen on my mobile, tablet and laptop and rarely have any problems apart from the odd drop out. trialling premium at the moment which is great. i didn't mind listening to ads before but i really wish spotify would make the music ones relevant to what you're listening to. i'm not going to be particularly interested in spotify's new pop playlist when i'm currently enjoying listening to symphonic finnish metal.
it has mad ads i can't listen to nothing i want i hate this app
fantastic app, but the ads are getting ridiculous. 1 ad every couple songs is good. 2 ads in a row is pushing it. but 3 ads in a row_ thats crazy.
spotify is really good especially for me _p but the ads are quite annoying
this works awesome. they keep advertising to upgrade for .99 for 3 months. well i tried to upgrade to that. they took my credit card information and then after that told me i don't qualify for there promotion. that's bs_ not upgrading now.
i used to get ads normally, but now o receive them every couple song. the worst part is that two ads play which make up one minute of ads.
i clicked the short video and watched it. then i had 4 more back to back ads for _watch this video for 30 minute of ad free music_ before i just closed out of the app. this is incredibly annoying and it happens often. plus the ad volume is stupid loud and wakes me up if i listen to binaural beats while i sleep. i'm going to find a different music app.
spotify is a good music app but too bad about the ads but its okay. _
i love this app even though it has ads
can we have targeted advertisement instead of generic ones_ i feel like it's not terribly smart to advertise for hip hop radios to someone who you know doesn't have any interest in hip hop at all... especially in the middle of listening to, like, dinner jazz_ or advertising alcohol to minors, for that matter...
i like how you can open another app with the music playing, and the ads are fairly reasonable. the artist suggestions were pretty nice too, but i didn't like it when a suggested song popped into a personalized playlist _ it gets annoying. all in all i liked it, but it would be cool if there was a comments section and non_premium people could download 2 or 3 songs.
this is the best music streaming service i've used to date_ it doesn't have all the ads of pandora, and i feel it has a better algorithm for choosing music by far.
too many ads
spoify is fine on a computer, you can choose your songs. but mobile spotify is crap and i now remember why i deleted it a couple years ago. this shuffle thing would be almost ok if i didnt have limited skips. also spotify has way more ads than pandora does.
this is great but ads are annoying.
the ads never really bother me and i love how some music have lyrics in it even though its a korean song..
im okay with most ads but i don't want to be partying and hear stupid and depressing meth ads. and the chicks voice is annoying
forces you to update the version before use, then the new version just crashes. way too many obnoxious ads that are twice the volume of the music and will blow out your ears at the gym.
now i get ads that say i'll get 30 minutes of free music, and not 10 minutes later i'll get 3 more ads in a row, one for another 30 _even though it had only been 10_ and two in a row for upgrading. add that on to no way to exit except for hard closing the program, and you get a true pos, no matter how superb their music selection is.
who the he'll makes ads for no reason but to get you to buy something to remove said ads. sure the 7 day trial is fun but after that i recommend you delete it.
hate the ads
take out the ads and you will get the fifth as well_
will not stop ads when i get on the app and then it won't play the ad and i know my connection is great so fix it please
premium is perfect the free app has alot of ads and limitations
really nice just ads
well for one there is a ton of ads. after every few songs. along with this there are videos i watch and it says i get 30 minutes of ad free music but then 1 song later i get 3 ads in a row.
it's a great app and has all your favorite music.one thing is when you go to a different playlist it make you listen to a ad sometimes even if you have 30 minuets of ad free music
i hate how the ads that say watch and get 30 minutes of ad free listening don't actually work. 1 song later and there's another ad
i dont like how u have to pay to not listen to ads
pretty good, even with the ads.  may even buy the premium version
way too many ads
it was awesome at the start, then it started playing songs that weren't in a song track i made.  the ads are fine just the fact that it plays songs i dont have in a track i listen to.
one thing though.. i saw an advertisement for 3 months of premium for 0.99p and with just downloading spotify i thought i'd give it a go, only to find that it was declined and now the only subscription i can see is a family one for an extra like 50_ more than standard premium.._ just standard premium would be great. to get what is advertised would be even greater..
coost too much id reckon deezer its ad free and is free... i_musix
a fundamentally broken service that advertises to paying customers
i am a student and sometimes need to study for hours at a time spotify without ads is the solution for me
it works, ads are bearable
being closed out of my current application to be shown a video ad. i don't care if i get 30 minutes ad free time. don't close me out of my other apps to show me pop_up ad spam. what if i was filling out something important and i lose it because your app closed me out of it_
what's wrong with the spotify app_ _ooops, something went wrong_. tired. canceling subscription. this is more annoying than ads.
they will randomly give you 30 minutes ad free for listening to one 5 minute ad and the subscription is even better cause i can choose whichever song i want. way way better then the other guys in my humble opinion.
very good even the free version. paid version is even better, no ads and very affordable for one year, me plus one other person.
love it but i don't like it because of the premium i don't want to pay money i don't even have money so i have to deal with ads ugh but love it
i'm using the free ad_supported service. music loudness is noticeably lower than other music players i've tried and the ads are almost 2 times louder than music itself. also would like to see an option to select the start page. otherwise great app and service.
alot of the songs i can play and i like u can make ur own playlist. and the ads aren't as annoying as pandora or iheart.
if you do not have premium them there is ads but i don't mind it is a great music app and i love that it gives you suggestions for your music
many songs that press to play won't play at all. not due to wifi or volume it just won't play, the time doesn't move or anything. secondly sometimes the song does play but with no volume. also i know you give commercials but i have sometimes an ad after each song and its annoying.  more problems occured after a while, i was listen to an artist and then songs from a specific album just skipped without me doing anything but only from that artist. then, when the songs skipped 3 or 4 ads come wtf fix this
i used to only get 1 ad every now and then that was only around 15 seconds but now i'm getting way more that are around 30 dx
i love it, over all there is some ads and stuff but great music_
good music app better than the rest but if you don't have premium you have to listen to the same ads about every 30 min or so and you have to have wifi to listen to so if your on the road and don't have premium your sol. so if you have wifi i would recommended getting this and getting google play music for times you don't have wifi. and btw this doesn't have artist like domo genesis. and some albums are missing some of the best songs like on method mans album tical 2000 judgement day it doesn't have songs like retro godfather _ elements. and the first chronic by dr dre isn't on here
it would be better if the advertisement is not louder till i have to adjust my volume.
loved it i can listen to 1d music without ads
please no ads
i love it, even though i haven't paid anything by now it allows you to listen as much music as you want. there are ads, but it's worth it.
small ads interrupt, but so swag with premium. _
hate the ads,but love the music. it's payment for services rendered.
it was better when less people used it since it had less ads _i dont understand how more people using _ more ads_ and the amount of ads now is annoying but it does good with giving recommended songs and the music quality is outstanding. find out alternate ways of advertising and 5 stars will be there but thanks for the awesome service either way.
it was better when less people used it since it had less ads _i dont understand how more people using _ more ads_ and the amount of ads now is annoying but it does good with giving recommended songs and the music quality is outstanding. find out alternate ways of advertising and 5 stars will be there but thanks for the awesome service either way.
it is all free only thing is thd few ads here and there but you can buy premium don't have to but this is an amazing app and has a all of the music in the whole world except the new adele album 25 im still waiting for that any way best app ever use it none stop i _3 spotify '3'
all my favorite bands are on here. and i can live with ads
actually, it is a great app. but too many ads.
i was listening to music and them during a spotify ad it froze with 1 second left. have not been able to fix the problem.
really good but hate ads
great except for the ads that appear now and then
20 minutes of ads and suggested songs that arn't even similar to the one you clicked on to listen to.
if you have the app free there are interruptions from ads but other than f hat it's an awesome app_ i can find all the music i listen to on spotify_
it's very useful and convenient, but the ads are so much louder and annoying than the music and it just sucks
spotify is by far the best music app out there. premium is more than worth 10 dollars a month for accessing music offline, higher quality streaming, and no ads.
unlimited choice of music always have it on, don't even mind the adverts.
they have deals for premium all the time, and premium is great, but the only difference when not in premium is some ads and you have to shuffle. it's annoying to shuffle when listening to broadway, but it's pretty ok.
stop putting ads in the middle of songs please.
okay so at first i loved it. it would let me listen to music offline, download all kinds of music, it had shuffle, you could listen to it on normal non_shuffle.. then after like a month it did the opposite. i had tons of ads, i couldn't listen to it without wifi_data and i couldn't skip songs, not just on the radio but on my own downloaded music_ its worst than pandora_ i have to pay 9.99_ a month to skip songs etc. that's more expensive than netflix. like fr_ that's just pointless.
i have two problems with this app one is that one song will start before the other even finishes and another problem is that the adds pop up in the middle of a song and so does the spotify ads that blocks ads. please fix. other wise i love the app
now often can't play album in right order or without suggested tracks i don't want to listen to. i can tolerate the ads but suggested tracks really annoying.
saves my sanity_balances my mood_would prefer less ads w_subscription, little over the top but it's not local yocal
no wonder people are switching to other music apps, spotify has just to many ads. y'all should see what other music apps are doing. they don't make you look at a commercial just to listen to your music for 30 minutes. times are changing and so should spotify.
i don't feel like paying every month for an app i wanted free music or i could of just payed for an app then pay every month the  music the ads are very annoying the 30 min free of ads is a lie my music stops by it's self when someone calls it still plays i think i'll find somewear else to get real free music with no ads and a larger selection of music sorry
every time i watch your stupid adds for 30 mins ad free it crashes my phone and i don't get my ad free time_ con i suspect
i understand, _free is free_... but...so. many. ads.
monthly subscription if you want to skip song and dont want  ads...... its totally worth it _
this app is pretty good except for the ads that come with it unless you get premium.  i le fact that it has the free trial for premium at the beginning of your spotify use. the good thing about it is it had all the latest hits.
i dont want to pay so i can hear songs without inernet or ads why cant you get it for free_ im getting a new app you guys are uselesss
better then google play but why should i be forced to listen to the adds then have my samsung shut down for an our where the screen won't react_ iabsolitly hate the forced advertisements that i immedietly shut down the app that reopen spotify so i can bypass the advertisments and not wait 1 minute.
i premiun but tells me i have to upgrade to listen offline and no updates. and i still have ads
not impressed with the price, its already full of ads and now they're only allowing you to play your music, on shuffle and with ads. i think it's way over priced for what it's worth, also the app has a few bugs and glitches
it's amazing except for a few ads every 30 minutes aside that it's really cool_ i hope this post was helpful_ so go check it out_
false advertising. would have given negative 3 stars if i could
love it i would get the 1 with no ads but i have no money
after i watch a video to supposedly result in _30 mins of ad free music_ the app freezes and when i restart it i still have to listen to a ton of ads. htc one m8
good app but only if you buy premium. somewhere in the crypts of spotify's headquarters is a smoky room full of monitors and hunched audio engineers, their only intention being to seek out the world's worst 15_30 second sound bites and broadcast them, no, not two times, but three times in a row. and rest assured they're just as good at making their own trash_tier advertisements as they are at finding them.
i try to log in and it says i already have an account with that email address. well, that's the point of logging in. you're also stuck with shuffle and ads. double the bad.
perfect for the arvo chill sessions with the mates, not too many ads either_
i like it a lot but one part i hate about spotify is ads i think it would be awesome if you get rid of the ads for free that would never happen.
very disappointed. i downloaded this app so i could listen to what i wanted and when. now i have all these ads and can't skip songs or choose which ones i want. i want this app to be like it was when i first got it. i can't afford premium it's way to high. very unhappy....
premium is amazing but if you dont know you email password anymore their is know way if canceling it unless you canel your card. and hopefully it works but other than that its awesome its the best app on my phone and with it also being ad free i can listen to it outloud and not have any questioning about the app_
ads arent that bad has almost every song i like
love how many music they have and relatively less annoying ads than youtube. hate that there is a limited amount of skip you can use and that you have to pay for ad free and skip all you want. but that's business, so i can live without. wish they had a _i don't want to ever hear this song again button._ than i will rate it 5 stars. i only like certain songs from an album, i don't want to hear them if i don't like, regardless if i like the artist.
has cache problems with skipping and not even booting. shouldn't have to clear cache and logon again every time. pop ups for begging for ratings are annoying ad interrupt the user interface completely.
the app keeps dropping its self and doesn't allow music to play but the ads seem to play freely without interruption
this is the best, if you're premium. otherwise there's way too many commercials and ads.  i hate listening to music driving down the road in a good tune mode when suddenly i hear cats screaming loudly over the speakers and spotify says _don't want to hear these cats_ pay us_
sometimes skips song, and stop playing when an ad starts.
great app can organise how you want dont like advert thou.
excellent selection of old school_underground heavy metal, which i did not initially expect. i use this program every day. i did not subscribe for the premium edition, but i plan to. without the premium edition, they actually don't play too many ads, or so many that it becomes bothersome. although i do get sick of the spokeswomans voice after a while. i would recommend this application for anybody that continuously listens to a lot of music.
too many ads
could the suggested songs feature be one that you could select on or off for_ also for watching the ad to get 30 min of ad free music_ it doesn't seem to give you 30 min ad free.
this app makes you listen to what it wants you to listen to, and is always pressuring you to buy the premium, also too many ads, but you'll have to upgrade to premium to fix that.
played the same song 4 times in one hour. their _30 minutes ad_free music_ is more like 15_20 minutes without an ad.
i love that i don't have to listen to ads every couple of seconds with this app.
not the adverts again. goddamit
very extensive library.  listen to what you want, for the most part.  besides a few ads and the fact that you can't play songs in a chosen order, the free app is just fantastic.  have discovered a lot of great music because of spotify.  would be cool if free app could stream with other devices like roku.
this is the best music app ever_ if only you can make ad free since the installation it would be much better. also i dont understand why  i cant get the song shake it off by taylor swift as its my fave song but there are only tribute songs. i would like rhis resolved, thank you_
one of the best music app i've used and the only thing bad about it is the ads
i love spotify_ i love the fact that i can choice what i want to without unwanted ads. they have a great selection to choose from, every song i look for is found. thanks spotify_
played 2 songs from lp then advert came on and stopped the lp  , now cannot get music to play again. computers eh_ too complicated for their own good it seems_
hardly ever works and when it does the ads are deadly long i'm talking 2_3 minutes long. the playlists you create spotify adds random music from other playlists you could be listening to rock and have a chinese pop music interrupt your vibe. i do not recommend this horrible music app all it is after is money
good app.  but they have a lot of ads and they keep bothering you with premium spotify.  i do not like being harassed
dear spotify. i was under the impression that paying for premium meant no adverts, ever. imagine my surprise when i get a few notifications saying i should buy premium for family members over christmas_
needs less ad interruptions for free users.
shows ads as system notifications
i need spotify premium for free.  theres a lot of advertisements seriously.  _ how
no words for this app_ no more worries about finding space for your musics. even the free version is good_ almost no ads. the only bad thing is shuffle as only option if you choose not to pay... _
it was advertising _0.99 for 3 months premium. it didn't  work  the first time and so i tried it again and ir didn't work but it still took my money_
i like the app but something an annoying is suggesting songs _    the advertising in between
this app is awesome and you really can just add free music to a playlist,but in order to pick a song whenever you want you need premium after your seven day free trial, which i don't really like.then also when your not on premium or free trial ,you have ads _.
trouble free, easy to operate, fun to use. functions as advertised, very intuitive. it's become my go_to radio_music app. highly recommended _
i wish you didn't have to pay to not have ads. i wish you had more skips. but i still like it
i like it, but i think the ads are rubbish and that wf have to be on premium..
love that i can get rid of ads for 30 minutes after watching a quick ad_ vast library of common, obscure and international music_
the main problem is that, in the free version, the advertisment usually are really loud. that sometimes bothers a lot.
always works, not too many advertisements. great music, broken up into awesome groups.
i love the app , i've been using spotify sense 6th grade and it's always functional , you provide us with the music we love for free , or if we want an affordable price, you guys have advertising to pay for the music , and i really enjoy the way you do it , there isn't so many that its unbearable , the only thing i dislike is you guys _suggested basic_ that menu that has suggested music isn't great, all i listen to its swedish death metal , why does it suggests drake, and other rap artists_lol itsjust funny
music player, few too many ads
love love love it_ great music, advertising only once in a while, and just... amazing_
all this music for free_ the odd ad doesn't bother me. great_
upgraded to premium for no ads and ability to download my songs on any device. well thought out and user friendly menus. loving the related song radio. all said and done, an absolute must for the session _
worth the ten bucks a month for no ads. thanks_
overall i really like this app and spotify on my laptop. being limited to  shuffle mode, however, is frustrating. i understand why there are ads and song selection is limited to shuffle mode. why would you upgrade if free mode wasn't somehow irritating_ i only deducted one star for this inconvenience.
but too much ads
it's okay. it's got ads every 3 songs. it's good if you can afford the _10_month premium. harder than google play music to download songs. but easier to find and play friends playlists.
but pls disable shufle in mobile.. u already have many ads ty _
this version is ok but there are some issues that i'd like to address, like for instance the suggested songs, now i'm ok with pop ups for suggested songs or ads every half hour, but not when the song automatically plays in the middle of your playlist up to five times , five times. now the free pc and mac versions let you play through any of the songs you pick with no shuffle involved but this free version doesn't and only shuffle is available and limited skips, please make it more homage to pc and mac_
sometimes the app crashes and wont play. there are also too many ads. 1 i can deal with. 3 i cant.
i'm not saying i hate all of it, but most of the app is just irritating to me now with the new update.i don't want suggested songs, that's why i made a playlist instead of using the radio. this honestly bugs me, i understand the ads,.and the skip limit but i can't stand the suggested songs. please take that feature off.
what can i say, a great way to be introduced to new artists and new genre's. and if you are willing to put up a few ads, it's free_
the ads are absolutely brutal. i jused pandora with ads before i chose to buy pandora onr, but i can't even try spotify out because the ads hit in clusters and ruin whatever you're doing for a good 2 or 3 minutes. absolute trash. probably would have ended up paying for spotify if the trial hadn't been so intrusive. edit_ paid for spotify and it's absolutely fantastic 4_5 would be 5_5 if free version had ads scattered instead of clustered
why do you have to make us buy the premium just to be happy i bet you might say _ but its the music bizz we have to be unfair or else we won't make money'' some people can't afford it so be more fair and let us use it without ads seriously
wish there was no ads or less and it was actually 30 min without instead of just a few songs
yup, the title says it all. it's free with advertisements. but if you pay a few dollars you can get rid of the ads.
yup, the title says it all. it's free with advertisements. but if you pay a few dollars you can get rid of the ads.
recently got this app on my dads phone, and it forces him to shuffle a playlist. what_ spotify never did such a thing. i'd rather listen to any song when i want, and listen to 10 ads, then make them choose the song i want.
great app gives you options for sending to the tv and chromecast. the unsubscribed version is good if not a bit annoying with the adverts........ but in life nothing is free_ _
everything in one place no ads, top top app
had to pay to listen to music. i couldn't listen to anything unless i upgraded. it told me this after i listened to ads. no thanks.
great to start with then it shut me out of my own account and said i was offline when my device clearly said i was connected to the internet so i had to create a new account then it shut me out of that one to, it won't let me skip songs and it plays ads in the middle of songs_
i love listening to music when i wake up and when i am in the feeling for some music. with spotify i can make my own playlist and i can listen when ever i want to. although there are ads, i can get 30 minutes of ad free music.
ads
have ads but other then that great you should download it
i love having music almost anywhere. of course, the ads suck, but i'm willing to deal with it to have access to my music on the go
this app let's me play my favorite music but sometimes has some really annoying ads
the only con is the ad's music. it throws me off my mood when i'm listening to industrial, then plays country in the ads
i switch back and forth between google play music and spotify and i have come to the conclusion that spotify just offers  better radio suggestions and trending music delivery. play music subscription allows me to do just about everything google w_ no ads, but nothing exceptional when it comes to music streaming. over the weeks the spotify chromecast issues have gotten better and connectivity with my device is improving and gives me confidence that'll continue. my only complaint_  navigation could be better.
excellent. ... but i don't think the ads are spaced 30 min apart
won't play music for a long time after an ad ends up in the black screen. had to mess around to get music playing.
i could only listen to a few songs before having to listen to a long run of _awful_ _suggested songs_. i don't mind ads when using a free version, and if it's a great service, i'll happily pay for an upgraded subscription. what i won't pay for is for an app to stop being irritating as hell. if you're offering a free service, offer it properly, and trust that users will pay for the full range of features if you've made something worthwhile. don't pester for subscribers. app deleted.
best collection. i just don't like the ads.
most samsung users have a hard time finding music apps that won't give their phone viruses and pretty much has a wide variety of songs. spotify is the perfect app for this as reasonable prices. from playlists, to touch and play, saving songs and browsing. this is the go to app hands down. i would recommend to any and everyone who is looking for a music app. and the best part is no ads and no skip limit
plz stop putting on ads every 30 mins
great app but, the advertisements would be better every hour.
built _in equalizer, ad d my favorite songs in a playlist i download to play offline.
great if you have premium. annoying ads alsways if you don't.
i don't mind the commercials but having the same one repeating over and over just to advertise for students _which i'm not_ is just annoying. other than that app works great. update_ in what world does listening to deep purple justin bieber is recommended_
its really good, it works perfectly never closes... i wish they would have more older songs available, and less ads_ i know its necessary for the ads so the company can make money but maybe tone er down a little.
works as advertised
it has too many ads and sometimes freeze on me but i like how there's all the genre of music i like
awesome but definitely have to hate those ads.
it's good for me it has a reasonable amount of ads for not having premium. i love it.
i don't like suggested songs. or the ads. but you know. besides that. it's ok.
i updated the app and it said_ wanna break from the ads_ watch this short video. so i did. and as soon as it was over it said it again. except this time there was never a watch now button. so its looping this ad over and over again and it won't play music.
one to two ads. for every 30 mins
why did they do this like they know that there just mad cause nobody wanted to pay for pro because there only like one minute long ads so....
spotify is one of the best music downloading apps i have got. it would be even better if non_premium users could access music offline and if there weren't so many advertisements. then it would have 5 stars.
too much advertising
its so easy to use and you can make your own playlist but it can get annoying with the ads but if u have an ipad u can use that to just pick any song but with the occasional ad but personally i just click the skip ad and get straight back to the music
i wonder how they survive, hardly any ads in this country. the way to legally hear a large collection of great music in good quality without any hiccups. i wish there were more interesting ads to click on, because that would make it more viable... ...and i know how to unshuffle_
its stupid the adverts after every other song i am 14 to pay for add free its 99p i think but you have to have a credit card why not sim card pay _
when the ads come on after i listen to thwm it just freezes and i have to stop and start the app again
love this app but since i don't have premium and i play it on shuffle mode. the part i dislike the most is that the same songs come on and there is an ad every other song
spotify is great, but the app is very buggy. crashes often, yet the music keeps playing. doesn't pause when you unplug earphones, watching ads sometimes crashes the app.
fab even with the annoying adverts
had pandora got tired of the ads thought spotify might have been different but ads too.lose the pop ups and i redownload the app and give ya 5 _
stop the advertisement and please make it totally free.
have been premium user since 5 months. never disappointed. free of ads. my top app while studying
much better than the other less ads, and definitely worth purchasing
could be better, like louder and ad free_ but overall good app 3 out of 5
spotify, let me listen to the songs _i_ choose_ quit _suggesting_ bs songs from bs artists i've never heard of _ don't care to hear. the ads, _sigh_ where do i begin...just stop. there are so many ads. clever app, really. i mean _clever_ as in limiting the amnt of songs skipped so ur forced to listen the suggested ones_ _ 'clever' for allowing us to listen to music we like but only on shuffle so that its frustrating to the point where you pay to listen in the order we choose. ughhh
ads get repetitive and annoying but you get what you pay for, which is nothing... way less crashing and actually plays the end songs unlike the pandora app.
the ads are tolerable but it seems like every other song is a suggested song that i don't want to listen to. it completely ruins the fun of having a playlist.
the ads should only be per 6 songs
i use to think the app was just alright, i enjoyed the free shuffle, the recommendations on the shorter play lists were alright, i could put up with the ads. then i got the premium for the 5 bucks a month. it's just perfect_ any song i can think of, ad free, and unlimited skips _didn't think that would be a big deal_. i just love it_
it would be 5 w_o ads but i can't afford the monthly fees...
only use the free version. still love it regardless of adverts.
i love this music app but hate the ads _ the pause sometimes
no complaints. works exactly as advertised. the well curated playlists are a great aid in finding new music.
does what's advertised and doesn't crash. love the remote options and radio. also the ability to share playlists is nice. discovery playlists are awsome.
while i understand that the advertisements allow me to access such a great music resource and i think the amount advertising is more than fair to the user _ i have had an issue the past couple nights because i use the playlists for sleeping and the advertisements have been the same over and over for a creepy  horror film. other advertisements haven't been so jarring so i wish there was some  sort of option there. i think it is worth the subscription to eliminate the problem but could be off putting for some
as a free user _i'm not meaning myself, i mean in general_ why do people only get to listen to shuffled music_ what is the big deal with allowing a user to pick a song they wish to hear and listen to it with ads.. since its not.. you know.. paid for_ and i ask this same question to every _free_ music streaming service that has this feature in their systems.
i like spotify but if i would be able to choose the songs i want to listen to and less ads then i would rate it 5 stars
amazing i can easily find the new coming songs_ must download and mostly no ads
wide selection, only a few ads, low _or no_ cost... what is not to like_
i like the app and enjoy the variety of music but i don't appreciate the false advertisement. at least let us be able to skip the songs for free and upgrade if we don't want commercials.
lots of songs, even in free version. ads are no different than those with similar apps. works perfect. love making my own playlists.
finally hooked. been using for free since launch, but the catalogue and convenience are just too good to not pay the _10 a month for mobile and ad free usage.
i understand that you have to play advertisements for the people that don't pay  but its kind of really annoying when you play the same advertisement every 3 songs like if you are going to play and advertisements at least switch it up i have gotten the same advertisement for the past 3 days and it makes me want to delete the app please fix this
the song list may not be perfect but its pretty diverse. the weekly playlist is always on par and the create a playlist is a solid extra. i have a few pretty deep playlists. i recommend the investment as i hate ads and love full control. my htc one m8 needs to have the option to rearrange my playlists. other than that its great
the ads don't exactly work. they have things where its ad free then ten minutes later it has ads.
every time i watch an ad that tell me no ads for 30 mins, it freezes and doesn't play my music which makes me really mad that it keeps doing that to my tablet please fix the problem and there is way too many ads for my liking. also you need more modern kpop songs like got7 and 2pm and orange caramel and please hurry
can you stop ads playing in the middle of songs. please save them for the end so it does not interrupt before the third verse then play next song. fix and i will rate 5 stars
there is a lot that's great about this app_ the selection is incredible and the quality is good. the app also looks slick and is easy to use. however the insistence on shuffle play for non payers is horrible. adverts are fine but not being able to select the song you want from a playlist is ridiculous.
way less ads.
this is the best app they give you 30 days of unlimited music downloads from top artist albums and mix tapes it has all the latest music available at the tip of your fingers in any order you want build playlist and listen to your favorite radio stations live and only 99 cent for three months at the moment other than that's it's 3.33 a mo 9.99 for unlimited streaming other than that it's free with ads and less control of when you can listen to songs and skips
can't complain. even though ads and shuffle mode is not my favorite, i still enjoy all new tunes at no charge. perfect for trying out tracks prior to buying. 5 stars all the way_
i just wish that the 30mins of no ads could be longer like an hour of no ads.
1. the ads, they are so annoying. to the point of wanting to throw my phone while listening to some rockin tunes. all i want to do is listen to subnoize collabos but the songs i have disappeared from the app itself. 2. also, the fact you have to have premium to use certain features. i really hate you guys. listen, does this make sense, part of the app is locked of to the common rabble, and you have to pay to use the app as advertised and if you don't, you are barraged by a swarm of ads and interruptments.
1. the ads, they are so annoying. to the point of wanting to throw my phone while listening to some rockin tunes. all i want to do is listen to subnoize collabos but the songs i have disappeared from the app itself. 2. also, the fact you have to have premium to use certain features. i really hate you guys. listen, does this make sense, part of the app is locked of to the common rabble, and you have to pay to use the app as advertised and if you don't, you are barraged by a swarm of ads and interruptments.
so i watch the ad so i can get 30 minutes of ad free music and then it crashes and makes me go through ads
great catalogue of music. app works well on galaxy note 3. ads and suggested songs are slightly annoying but expected in a free version. a _must have_ app for me.
pandora, pandora, pandora... your little ads gaining more momentum got so irritating that i went looking for another music streaming service and found spotify, spotify all the way bye bye pandora
i don't know why nobody likes you. sure, there are ads interruptions but i don't care. i beg you don't ever change_
the play lists are great but premium is way way better. it is annoying that you can only listen to the song you searched for as a random mix in the album it came from. also the ads are totally not consistent with the music theme you are listening to. other than that the catalogue is really deep. love the controls. good service.
i like the playlists created. will give 5 starts if less ads.
stop suggesting songs. stop not allowing me to skip songs in my own song list. i mind as well go back to songza the amount of restrictions your placing on a free account. i expected more _ especially since i have to listen to your ads every half hour to get free music. i should be able to skip or choose which song i want to listen to on this app.
although i struggle with the ads when not paying for a membership, spotify is where it's at.
why the hell is it always the same god dann ad they put_
when i first started trying out spotify i didn't like it all that much, because when you don't have premium there's usually an ad every two to three songs. but the second i started paying for premium i loved it, nearly unlimited music allllll the time. 4_5 due to the fact that to fully experience how good it is, you have to pay.
i have a chromebook and i started using spotify instead of pandora about 3 months ago. it has infinite skips, but still ads. i felt no reason to upgrade to premium. i recently got a mobile device, however. i downloaded spotify and was disappointed to find more ads and less skips. change this please,
this doesn't offer much that gpm doesn't to me anymore. i get free radio with gpm, and only plays a few suggested songs and ads that don't intrude much. with spotify i get ads between almost every song, and suggested songs that really interrupt the experience.
bad ads app
ads can get annoying, and 10 dollars monthly_ maybe if it was just a flat _10, other than that it's good
i love spotify most compared to any other music app. i would rate it 5 stars except once you close your premium account, they triple the advertisements. but i love that it gives the options to create playlist and to list to just 1 artist or radio. by far the best music app out there. and for premium users. the offline feature _
want to listen to you favorite songs_ to bad here are some other songs to listen to , oh what just kidding they're ads
get spotify now but no more 30 minutes ads
its good but it would be better without ads altogether
replaced pandora and itunes for me. love that there are no ads.
i love this a lot but the ads are of course annoying, but with that being said the choices of music is endless and a great way to have music on the go. download it, you won't regret it.
absolutely sexy. easy to use and affordable with a weekly playlist made just for you and songs can be downloaded to listen anywhere without an internet connection with spotify premium. free spotify will still allow you to stream most bands and songs without a fee. if you have data on your phone you don't mind using to listen to music _if you have unlimited data, for example_ then you can stream music anywhere for free as long as you don't mind listening to an occasional advertisement.
i love it so much but needs less ads
they advertise 30min ad free, but there's an ad every 2 song. other than that, good.
they advertise 30min ad free, but there's an ad every 2 song. other than that, good.
don't have premium and still love it, except when it makes you stop what you're doing and actually watch an advertisement. really want premium soon.
biggest bonus is no ads between songs.
i've see that no ads pop up anymore_ great_ it annoyed me so much when there was. i was on the verge or uninstalling. but thank god_
besides the ads it's cool. they should make premium free_
this is amazing even though there is adverts every 10 minutes. it's basically unlimited access to as many songs as you want , from whenever too. 80's,  70 's it's amazing
how hard is it to shuffle a playlist so you don't have to hear the same song more than once before the rest_ i'll also listen to a 30 minute ad_free ad, change a playlist after 5 minutes, and hear another ad_ who programmed this app, a 5 year old_
i dont like it when i am in the mood of a song and then an ad pops up and i am definitely not paying for premium. if this happens again i am going for pandora
can't even listen to own music without ads coming up every second.
ordered premium, logged in under the right credentials... everything should be in order... but i get a buggy app with all the same ads and non_premium restrictions. already uninstalled then reinstalled... still nothing. i'm sure my card is about to get charged any day now too.
i finally thought i had finally found the best music app..small ads and all the sounds and i could save them...but when it's taking like forever to load _1minute_and it's not my internet connection or phone..it's only this app
new customer to spotify, so no glitches like the long time customers are getting. i love the selection and suggestion option. i expect ad free and offline option from premium. i would like to see more for premium though...like a sleep timer, customizing my own preferences, possibly a wake up playlist that plays automactically instead of an alarm clock...that sort of stuff. all around, i'm happy with spotify.
at first it was going sooooo well then when i tried to play music it said get premium pack to listen to ad free music so i wasn't able to listen to no more music or shuffle it and i just got it today  _dont get it _ needs help
this is a great app_ the app is smooth and very professional. the app itself is awesome, like even looking at it is enough to satisfy me. the music portion is amazing. i have not encountered a pop up ad and the ads that i did encountered were very short and not in groups, like i like em. also most of the ads i heard were about spotify, which is awesome because they taught you more about the app. unlike pandora, you can search songs and play them.
no wonder people are switching to other music apps, spotify has just to many ads. y'all should see what other music apps are doing. they don't make you look at a commercial just to listen to your music for 30 minutes. times are changing and so should spotify.
i was listening to music and an ad came up, i didn't mind and it's said next 30 minutes of ad free music, next song, an ad... other than that i love it_
had signed up for this but too many adverts,put a playlist on and within 2 songs i'd had 3 adverts,not what you want when you've turned the volume up.tried to carry on listening and another set of adverts again_..not even sure if i got to play 2 songs_..and there the same ones_..annoyed and deleted account_
on free can we have a few more ads and more freedom
just ads are letdowners. also takes up memory slowly.
ads are so annoying please remove the ads
the app its_self is good but i think it would be a lot better without ads
they say they'll give you 30 minutes of ad free music after watching an ad, but it's actually 5_10 minutes. it's getting worse each time.
its nice it works without wifi but ads thoe
the best ones the spotify ads and limited songs
i have been using the app for a long time..i pay for my spotify so no annoying adverts just download playlists to listen anywhere anytime.. only negative is recently it just stops playing and closes the app for no reason at all. hope that gets sorted soon_
i love all the features and ability to listen to a custom track for free. i don't mind the ads most of the time except when they totally alter the mood. i will me listening to happy christmas music and an ad for krampus comes on. why would u want a horror film playing in my headphones. no thank you. or it'll advertise trashy hip hop when i'm listening to christian. figure out how to personalize the ads based on what i am listening to please_
i love all the features and ability to listen to a custom track for free. i don't mind the ads most of the time except when they totally alter the mood. i will me listening to happy christmas music and an ad for krampus comes on. why would u want a horror film playing in my headphones. no thank you. or it'll advertise trashy hip hop when i'm listening to christian. figure out how to personalize the ads based on what i am listening to please_
annoying ad's
what's the point of having 30 minutes of ad free if it's going to play 3 songs then stop out of nowhere. after you restart the app it plays an ad and the same 3 songs forcing you to use skip
more ads than songs, premium is an insane _9.99_month _for music_, and constantly stops mid_song, requiring user intervention to get a playlist to continue.
every thirty minutes sometimes less _after this quick ad_ then it plays music for seventeen seconds and even though it says ad it plays two or three and then plays something saying to click the ad and that has music after they finish talking also if you can't stand censoring and like hollywood undead look somewhere else this thing plays half censored and half not plus all the ads are repetitive and annoying fix the ad or the censor and it's 4 stars fix both and it's 5
why are there different features shown on tablet and phone_ in a tablet, there was only one ad per 2 songs. in the phone, there's an ad for every song. in the tablet, i could select specific songs. but in the phone, i have to shuffle play all my songs.
i loved it but all tha ads kept popping up
not a paying customer currently but still use it a lot. ads are annoying but what can you do
an android version on itunes, able to listen to certain songs that arent out but the adverts and not being able to choose a song is quite annoying
can we have targeted advertisement instead of generic ones_ i feel like it's not terribly smart to advertise for hip hop radios to someone who you know doesn't have any interest in hip hop at all... especially in the middle of listening to, like, dinner jazz_
but to be paying this monthly sub and still be dealing with so many issues on my galaxy s6 is disgusting. play two songs and then suddenly have it stop_ no. play a song half_way and have it skip to the next_ no. i even just got an ad. why do i pay if i am still experiencing the same negative experiences i would be if i wasn't_ there's almost no upside to paying aside from unlimited skips. i am having even more issues the day after i wrote this review. pease fix, tempted to cancel sub.
use to be great now way to many ads.
its ok you just need to remove the ads
simple,  intuitive and effective.  a number of people miss review by complaining about the ads etc that's to do with the spotify commercial arrangement with free _ advert supported listening.  this app is separate. i'm tech savvy_ish but my techno_phobic wife uses it with no issues,  hence 5_ review _ _ _ _ _
simple,  intuitive and effective.  a number of people miss review by complaining about the ads etc that's to do with the spotify commercial arrangement with free _ advert supported listening.  this app is separate. i'm tech savvy_ish but my techno_phobic wife uses it with no issues,  hence 5_ review _ _ _ _ _
spotify hates its users so much now it wants to do physical harm to them _1_ ability to search local files removed, so now you have to scroll forever to find song you already own _2_ ads twice as loud as the music so you get tinnitus
and not too annoying with the adverts
too many ads, not enough music. if i can only shuffle and given album why play an ad every other song, just irritating. only use it to find new music, then get away as much as i can.
i love the app i don't mind the ad but just one thing_ the app has been recommending chinese playlist to me for a while now _for example_ chinese playlist ad and the browse section_ which i don't like at all. i want all the english playlist back. how can i fix this_
nothing but 30_40 seconds worth of ads after every song. used to be reasonable but now it's gotten so bad.
loads of ads and now you can't choose the song unless you have premium. if you want to listen to songs that you choose, you are better off using youtube. please fix.
amazing app_ apart from the ads
a lot of the negative comments are from people who fail to understand the difference between a premium and a free service. obviously, if you don't pay, there are adverts and limited functionality _how else will they survive as a company_. i do pay for the service, and this app is great for listening to music on_the_go. the option to save playlists offline is great for commuting when my signal frequently drops out.
look im not a fan of the constant spotify ads not even real ads just them saying pay us pay us pay us well the thing is i gave it two seperate tries  but im sorry id rather just go back to using my free music player and down load the songs i use less data and i don't get random data jumps because of it there are many other reasons i dislike this app but i dont have the patience to list them but yeah wanna be annoyed play spotify have someone call you then answer have fun with that
having to pay _9_per month for premium is just really a waste of money. all the _9 does is allows you to choose a song immediately to play _instead of waiting for the song in the playlist to start_ and _download_ _which isn't really downloading_ and play your favorite songs even without mobile connection. my bad experience with spotify is that when i pressed _shuffle play_ _everyone can do that_ to play my playlist, they either give me advertisements or _buy premium to listen to these songs_ horrible app.
you cant select a specific song that you want, you have to pay to be able to do that. so ill uninstall this adverts_
i have used this before. i can tolerate the ads, but i cannot tolerate the permanent shuffle. i put my songs into specific playlists for a reason. i'm not paying _10 a month just to be able to listen to my songs in the order that i want to. and the fact that the songs just stop after about 5 have been played is incredibly frustrating. as stated above, not worth the time.
this app has a lot of problems. first of all, spotify ads are the most annoying ads i have ever encountered. they legitimately make me annoyed. i'm fine with ads, just not these super obnoxious ones. the app always crashes whenever i use anything else on my phone, even if i'm texting someone. the radios play the same songs all the time, and it's a pretty laggy. sometimes spotify won't even close when i exit out of it and it's super annoying. my music always stops for no reason, too.
you can find just about every song ever written. the ads are loud, though_ i get startled every time one plays and i have to adjust my volume.
the 30 minutes of music then advert isn't working apart from that good work _
the premium really worth it for those who like a lot of music. the sound quality is even better, to listen to the offline and has no ads.
initially, spotify was enticing because of its few advertisements... now that it has become more popular, it's littered with ads...the _30 second ads_ are a minute_, and they play every other song. you're better off with pandora.
initially, spotify was enticing because of its few advertisements... now that it has become more popular, it's littered with ads...the _30 second ads_ are a minute_, and they play every other song. you're better off with pandora.
i have a galaxy s6 edge_ and i pay for premium as i was major sick of the ads.. after the latest version the app keeps closing after about 4 songs and if i select a specific band or artist it will only play 2 songs before the app closes down, music also continues playing when a call comes through.. thought my phone was buggy but from reading feedback it looks like the app    _  otherwise i totally love the app
so much advertisements
you people need to learn how to read. shuffle play and ads are automatic if you aren't a premium user. you can't play offline if you aren't a premium user. it says so right in the description. no, it is not _false advertisement_.
you people need to learn how to read. shuffle play and ads are automatic if you aren't a premium user. you can't play offline if you aren't a premium user. it says so right in the description. no, it is not _false advertisement_.
i have spotify free on my phone, work pc and ipad. i listen most often on the ipad and recently have been having problems. if i watch the video to get 30 minutes ad free, it locks up after the video half the time. sometimes it comes back, other times i have to uninstall and reinstall the app. just recently, i lost the ability to browse or search. it lasted for several days,  and finally i had to uninstall_reinstall, which fixed it. but i shouldn't have to do that. otherwise, i really like spotify.
troublesome ads are annoying.
i honestly hate how you can't pick and choose the song you want to hear_ it only let's you shuffle the songs and it gives you like 5 skips_ that's the only reason why i payed for premium. i couldn't stand all the ads _ not being able to choose my songs_... anyways, premium is amazing_ i love it_
get the premium version _10 per month_ and you get unlimited music, no ads, and high quality music offline_ perfect for music_addicts like myself_
need to shorten ads
love all the playlists avaliable, but there's a little too many ads and i want to be able to do more without paying for premium.
ads, doesn't exactly let me listen to the songs i may want to hear at the moment, and only a specific amount of songs you can skip
i am a truck driver and use spotify daily, its a great way to discover new music and listen to endless music with no commercials, not even to advertise their own app. i also love the discover weekly, it taylor itself to your style of music taylors itself to your style of music and puts some new stuff and old also that maybe you have forgotten. best app out here for music.
ohmygaud sooo many ads, it drives me crazy
it's a really good app with a great selection of music , apart from taylor swift, but too many ads.
due to fm being hissy and dab having most of the stations downgraded to mono and extremely low mp2 bitrates, i decided to give spotify a go. oh, boy_ unlimited music streaming of decent music quality for free_ worth every non_existent penny. the catch_ every ten tracks, a ten second message asks if you'd like the premium version. just wait it out_ much better than radio ads and gibberish like that.
i can't say for certain, but i believe i have fixed the freezing issue. it constantly froze halfway through the 3rd song i played until i kept it open without minimizing or turning my phone off. if the application is open, then it won't freeze in the middle of the 3rd song. it could also be time based, as most of my music is the same length.     having premium is very nice, as i get 0 commercials or ads and i can have any song i want in my playlists.
most free apps are annoyingly  overpopulated with ads. this free app is not_ has every album imaginable. definitely considering a subscription... especially trying to listen to the new bieber album and spotify kept throwing old bieber my way..._ used all my skips_
the app randomly closes out. beyond that there are now random artists and albums in my playlist selection. there is an option to hide them, but that will just give me different artist or album in its place_ i pay not to have advertising at all, not to have it snuck in. i am very annoyed at this update and i hope it is fixed soon.
many songs that press to play won't play at all. not due to wifi or volume it just won't play, the time doesn't move or anything. secondly sometimes the song does play but with no volume, i looked on your website for support but nothing worked. also i know you give commercials but i have sometimes an ad after each song and its annoying.
love the app hate all the ads it's says 30 minutes ad free music but that's incorrect
worth paying the extra money for no ads _ only problem i do have is with the internet
can't play specific songs and there's a lot of ads.
its ok but i dont like the ads and that u have to shuffle play. but other then that it good.
i love spotify. i pay the monthly _10 and can listen ad free whenever. i can save albums. awesome_
love it no mistakes _on other apps ads keep coming up but on this app nothing comes up at all _
theirs to many ads and you can't pick your own song i would love to pick my own song and please don't have as much ads it gets annoying.
completely locks your phone and prevents you from pausing its 30 second ad.
i read people reviews and there simple complaints a person would have if you have paid for spotify. i like the commercial free ads and also i can pick what ever song i like . plus a great bonus i get to listen to the new albums _
to many ads
3 ads to every 1 song. keeps playing songs i've removed and won't play new songs i've added.
the way they have ads set up is a little annoying. because i'll listen to the ads then if i go to another artist or playlist i'll get more ads. biggest complaint though is it likes to crash a lot after ads. i can deal with ads but i shouldn't have to deal with it crashing all the time.
hey advertisers for spotify, i don't visit any of your ads on there. thank you for wasting your money on something that i'll never click on. happy spending_ oh and spotify 30 minute ad free is the biggest joke on here. thank god for other music aps.
hey advertisers for spotify, i don't visit any of your ads on there. thank you for wasting your money on something that i'll never click on. happy spending_ oh and spotify 30 minute ad free is the biggest joke on here. thank god for other music aps.
love the concept. has a few glitches_ when i go to watch the commercial for my 30 minutes ad free time, the screen goes black and nothing happens. also, when i'm playing albums or songs not on the radio or my playlist it randomly stops in the middle of a song. fix please_
can't listen to a playlist longer than 4 minutes before the app crashes. and when i open the app again i have to watch another advert to get 30minutes ad free despite having watched one a few minutes earlier. uninstalling immediately
can't listen to a playlist longer than 4 minutes before the app crashes. and when i open the app again i have to watch another advert to get 30minutes ad free despite having watched one a few minutes earlier. uninstalling immediately
way too many ads, like one for every two songs i play, and i can no longer see albums on artist pages, only appears on and most listened songs... nice job devs
id give it five but ads and offline music we should not need premium for_
so cool but pls remove ads
so unless i buy premium, i have to listen to everything on shuffle_ that's really dumb and i don't understand what made you all do this. and there are lots of repetitive ads. please add a little diversity.
its good but there are a ton of ads like alot so ya...and im tryin to log in but it says that it appears that you are tryin to log into spotify from a different country, even though i tried to log in the same country. would rate it five if it has less ads and lets me log in. oh ya btw at least try to solve some other people's problems too.
i get an ad that says _if i want 30 mins of ad free music, watch this video_ and 15 to 20 mins after the video i get another ad. is this false advertisement_ whatever it is, i don't like it_
i get an ad that says _if i want 30 mins of ad free music, watch this video_ and 15 to 20 mins after the video i get another ad. is this false advertisement_ whatever it is, i don't like it_
i can deal with the gigantic amount of ads this new update has created.  but i hate that whenever i listen to music without headphones it just suddenly stops playing.  it also just suddenly crashes and closes the program.  just out of nowhere but not because of the wifi connection.  please fix this, and create a new update.
lots of ads
to many ad's obviously no one is going to get premium so just let us listen to all the music we want
spotify is cool but too much ads its really annoying also i wanted to know if you can download the music cause man love hes beats
other than the ads im fine
latest update hangs when it wants to play ads
this is a great app app but ads are a problem
has every song you could ever want and with primium your spotify experiance will be even better, primium give you_ unlimited skips, you can download your music and listen to it on the go without using your data , get better sound quality and no ads interupting your musuc
it let's me listen to any song for free so now i don't have to buy them and the ads don't bother me just get premium duh. _
u can't get better than this,  just offline playing and no ads xd but that can't happenxd
even though i don't have premium and have annoying adverts and can only shuffle the app still works perfectly. love it
oh i need premium to use with chromecast audio_ no problem, i'll just listen to less of your ads by not listening at all. google music, 8tracks, soundcloud, and pandora let you cast for free.
ads, controls frozen so cant change between songs, always says offline.
one suggestion for crossfade, if the next thing after the song is an ad, just finish out the song instead of completely interrupting it with the ad. overall a great app
advertising of a car manufacturer is really unnecessary a app
it crashes on the ads. its just a black screen with no music. fix please
worjs great, minimal ads
i luv this app 1 thing that we have to upgrade the app to listen to music off line and also have to upgrade the app so no ads come up
however they need to stop having so many ads while i am listening to my music
i can literally turn on spotify, listen to one song and 3 ads latter i can hear my second song. i like the idea, but i'm also not going to pay money just to get to skip a song and not have to listen about what all home depot has in stock 20 times over.. very anoying
so your always giving me adds so i can get premium now i have money and u wont give me an ad. and i find a 30 day trial. if its a trial then ehy do u need my credit card. fix and ill 5 star
i used to love spotify and use it all the time, but it now it cuts off songs too early for either an ad or other song, the app recently started closing randomly and when opening it back up a different song would then be started and the 30 min. add free thing lasts like 25 minutes.
it gets a black screen on random although it happens mostly when i skip a song. not sure if it's tries to show ad but fails and it gets stuck on black screen i keep getting your icon in my photo gallery what the hell
do not get you can't listen to music without service in less you pay for the trial its dumb i with there was a lower rating too many ads
having a free trial was decent enough, but it is extremely pleasing being on premium. having no ads and taking my music wherever i would like has always been one of my dreams.
every time a video ad pops up it says afterwards, _thanks for watching, now enjoy the next 30 minutes of ad free music._ but then the same thing pops back up after the song ended. please fix this_
the music keeps stopping halfway. and the advertisement is annoying
works as advertised. necessity for the sane.
i really do love the app, and pretty much everything on it, except one thing_ the ads are tremendously louder than my music. i may be just listening to a song, and when it finishes, i'll have blaring loud ads play. then i'll have to turn them down. when when my music turns back on, my music is  extremely quiet, so i'll have to turn it up again _so far i have only met this problem on pc_.
please add official android tv app support_  i'm very disappointed there isn't an official app for spotify available on android tv,  please update and make an official android tv spotify app, that offers free ad free streaming_  i'll update my review once i see official update for android tv
great to find music for practicing gymnastics routines and tricks. i love listening to music on here and whatever, but it will always bring me to the app when there's an ad and it will randomly shut off when i go to play a game on my phone while i a listening to music. if these bugs_errors could be fixed this would be the perfect music app_
use to love this app, i used to pay for it. but then switched to the free version which i don't mind if it worked properly. those _30 minutes_ ad free don't work, i watch the add one song later same advert pops up. one of many problems. fix_
use to love this app, i used to pay for it. but then switched to the free version which i don't mind if it worked properly. those _30 minutes_ ad free don't work, i watch the add one song later same advert pops up. one of many problems. fix_
it's alright, too many sequential ads though.
when ever it does that thing where u watch an ad to get 30 minutes of ad free music it doesn't play the ad and i'm stuck looking at a black screen. still a great app but please fix this issue
30 minutes of ad free music was a darn lie. well  i watched the video but got 2 min of ads after the first song why spotify.
okay, so my first problem is with the suggested songs. i can never listen to my album _12_ songs_ without these. i would have to skip until i get to the song on my playlist. whats up with that_ i'm so close to uninstalling its not even funny. my second problem is the 30 minutes ad _promise_, which is total bull. sometimes i would only get to listen to one song and then boom, ad again. most times i only listen to 2 and another ad. and then theres multiple ads after that_ why is this problem only for mobile_
it was good_ but with all these updates it's rediculous. you only get like 4 skips now which i stupid and there's way to many ads. you get about 4 songs without ads until another ad and they say you get 30 minutes of ad free music but that's a lie. you guys need to loosen up your grip and give like one or two more skips and a real 30 minutes ad free experience.
i like beacuse all of my fav son is here but the ads are horrible and plss_remove the commercial ads
the great thing about spotify is that all of the new released songs are here but then the bad thing is that if you're not upgraded to premium you won't be able to play it, you will tho if you reached the song playing in shuffle mode. so i suggest, spotify won't let people upgrade to premium and we can pick any songs we want and let the ads stay and let people upgrade to premium if they want to listen offline, it's better_ that way more people would download spotify_ _ thanks_
soooooo many ads
its a kind of good app but you have to pay to get no advertises and premium so you can listen offline.
really good app for listening to music however they have slowly but surely been increasing durations of the ads and the quantity _two at the moment_ that play in a row. i have also noticed they have gotten rid of albums _joey bada_ 1999_ that i enjoyed listening too.
30 mins ad free commercial get way to repetitive not to meantion they are a ay to long im starting to thing that rejecting them takes less time. also no matter what you're doing it makes you watch the video without asking you. fortunately i've only been affected by this when playing games but ok could really screw things up if i were to do important things. something that might make it worth it would be watch video for free skip
when it says 30 minutes ad free listening after listening to the sponsor ad that's a lie because within 20 minutes you hear another stupid ad
you can't even choose your own songs. too many ads. uninstalled it after 5 min
you can't actually save music for offline use. you can listen _in offline mode_ but that doesn't help for when i want to set a song as a ringtone or if i wanted to burn a mix cd... i pay for the premium version but seems to me like all that really means is no ads and no limits on skipping songs... otherwise i love the app but definitely feel like i'm being ripped off
great music app easy to use but i hate how it plays 3 ads in a row. would be much better if it was spread out
to many ads. period.
3 ads to every 1 song. keeps playing songs i've removed and won't play new songs i've added.
they want me to pay to be able to change song. if i wanted to listen to songs i didn't wanna hear, interrupted by ads, i'd listen to the radio.
even though they say you can in the description. that is false advertising. please fix either the app or its description.
enjoying this app very much.  it delivers as advertised.
i loved it before. even before i paid for a subscription. after i had to take it off though, i get nothing but ads constantly. every time i open the app, i either get immediately bombarded with ads, hear only one song and then ads, or i watch a video to get 30 minutes of ad free music, and guess what_ two songs play and ads. again. the app is an amazing concept, but how on earth do you expect us to enjoy it when you throw ads like this at us_ also if i quit the app don't force me to listen to ads afterwards
lags, too slow and too many ads
you have to insert credit card information and cancel your free tryout yourself which i'd totally forget to do to do almost anything.  you can't pick which songs you want to play, you can't skip to parts of songs and you can't skip forward or back.  if all that was restricted was offline streaming and no ads, this would be great. unfortunately it does not.
just works fine, try making more versatile adverts and it's perfect
i try to put on a song and it doesn't even work and  the ads are so annoying and when i'm done listening to a song it puts on another song i don't even know _
spotify is nothing but ads and whenever there's not an ad is only because the app is crashing.
clearly trying to irritate you into buying premium by turning up the volume on their ads and making them inappropriate for listener. chilling to coffee house and get ads for gaming and metal. great site. if they don't want to offer for free then just be up front.
the music radio station has too many commercials that happens once every two songs and the times it gives you a deal, to let you listen to 30 minutes of non_stop music is, in my opinion, too low... even pandora has hour of non_stop music. i never checked the price for how much it would be monthly for no ads, your music and etc. but even then, the free version is all commercials
now it says 30 minutes of ads free music but get like 15 or 20 and then another ad, the advise of an ad coming last longer than the ad, and sometimes get even 3 consecutives ads or repeate the same one couple of times
it won't let me skip to another song also there are other songs that i did not ad
lot of advertisement
i love spotify_ its the best music app out there. the adverts are quite annoying though. but hey_ho its still really good. if you are reading this and thinking 'dhould i install it_1' you definitely should
where as the music played fine, due to a trip with very little cell connection a used a free trial after which when i tryed to cancel the trial_which had been advertised as something you could cancel anytime_ the page for it wasn't there making it impossible for me to do so
although i have to purchase premium to listen with out wifi and ads i love this app for music keep it up spotify_
get rid of ads and let me be able to choose any song i want to play from my playlist then its a 5 star but for right now not using
yeah i don't have premium, but its a lot better than pandora, no offsense or anything. there's less ads and unlimited skips_. i can listen to my music where ever i want_with wi_fi unless you have premium_. so i hope you enjoy spotify as much as i do.
everything about it is ok but the ads are so annoying and when i'm done listening to a song it puts on another song i don't even know _
the only thing is the ads _not alot but it does get annoying._ always listen to my music on this._ only thing is i have to spend a while looking for a good song cos i don't have premium_ it costs money so u just have to listen to what song they give u and just stick with it_ good app tho_
it is good but ads just come when it is your favorite music
unless you have premium, you actually don't have access to whatever song you want to listen to. not only does it not play the song you want, but it shuffles and plays from every single other album from the artist too. i wanna listen to a certain song_ well, i just gotta hope it comes on shuffle. also, the ads thing never works. listen to this for thirty minutes of ad free music it's never thirty minutes. it's about ten minutes, maybe, im not fooled. i hate to say this, spotify i'm not using you anymore.
adverts after every song wtf and u can't even chose what songs u want to listen to because they want u to pay for the upgrade.... sticking with youtube much better plus if music is free nowadays ur wasting ur mo ey on this crap... effen adverts
it's a great app, but after like 4 songs, i get 5 or more advertisements. it's irratating
some few bugs here and there but i love it that i get little to no ads. good job
pro vs is too pricey for what is given. maybe if you matched pandora one price. so i deal with ads but what is driving me nuts is if i skip or play a specific song _after the ad_ it skips the song i wanted to play _ moves onto next whilst removing wanted song from playlist forcing me to reload to get desired song wtf_ and i want the following to pay these prices for pro. 1. all known popular bands on radio _ movie soundtracks included _many searches produce cover bands or remixes i dont want_. is this a licening issue with band_ ok fine charge me less then.  2. if you can't meet _1 then allow me to upload my own mp3s for what u cant provide _dont care about sharing my list with others u can block that_. 3. give me a way to filter out the live music, cover bands _ remixes. i dont want them,  but i do want the original cd quality. 4. i would accept a few ads for a lower premium price but all device connectivity is needed like yamaha receivers.
its nice i don't have the premium and im glad because the ads help me learn about new stuff
i love the app and its great don't get me wrong but why do i have to listen to your suggested songs off an album if i just want to listen to one song. i don't mind ads my lack of ability to pick the song i listen to but most times when a suggestion comes up i just give up on the app and go to youtube , i understand having to pay for pick and play and to get rid of ads but if i'm aloud to pick one song from an album i shouldn't have to listen to the whole album when i click shuffle my songs
take away shuffle play and ads please_
pls fix this and also, there are way too many ads.
edit_ didnt think we'd notice you constantly add more ads to free_ started with 1, then 2, now 3 full 30s ads in between 5 songs_  also removing tons of features, i can no longer control songs from my lock screen and pulling out my headphones no longer pauses play. so you take 40_ of my money, that was fine but you won't let me keep anything i've downloaded and now free wont stay connected for more than a minute.  tried every fix.  done with spotify forever.
cool app but the problem is that you have to pay for the premium membership. but either way its good i don't mind the ads but after all it's a great ap_
too many advertisements.
why i ad registrated but can't log in_ please fix it asap
it needs to be a normal music player like the pc version. i can handle having to play tracks over wifi with ads as long as everything else is normal_ none of that being unable to skip or choose whatever song you like, etc. those are too restrictive, in my opinion. i can deal with everything else, but those things are a deal_breaker for me.
latest update has made listening to spotify music on long term impossible. app tends to close after 3_5 songs, super annoying when it closes and i'm driving. i'm glad i'm not paying for ad free music here probably a chance to look somewhere else
i love it so much ad it has got any song you want
don't tell me i'll get 30 minutes free of ads if i watch an ad i couldn't care less for then two songs later play another ad. tf
plz no more ads
there is ads after 5 songs. ads last up to 2 minutes and before when i had the app it never had ads after ads.
1. maybe if you have premium, it would be pretty good, but the ratio of ads to music is like 3_2 sometimes.       2. the radio could have more variety.      3. a lot of songs don't come out until the radio has already ruined them.
when i have 57 songs in a playlist i don't wanna hear suggested songs for that playlist. maybe there should be a _suggested song_ button if you're looking for new music. also, i don't get _30 minutes of ad_free music._ i usually get 10_15 before the ads _probably the most annoying ads i've ever heard by the way_ play again. lastly, my playlists will just stop playing all of sudden.
wanted premium paid and still ads, tried to pay again w debit card instead of paypal and declined. uninstalled, signed out and in still lots of ads etc.
prior to a recent update, i used to love this app _i have a free account_. yea, i couldn't save music or listen to it offline and i was bombarded with ads, but at least i could play the music i wanted. well not anymore. the only option now is to _shuffle_ if i want to listen to an album. and by shuffle they mean, play one song from said album, then play completely random and irrelevant tracks from random artists then play ads and never revisit the original album. they're trying to annoy you till you pay...
you can download and play all you want all the time_ but sometimes you need to get rid of the ads but so wonderful_
the ads cut into my songs and then the _30 minutes of ad free music_ turns into 10.....
okay, so my first problem is with the suggested songs. i can never listen to my album _12_ songs_ without these. i would have to skip until i get to the song on my playlist. whats up with that_ i'm so close to uninstalling its not even funny. my second problem is the 30 minutes ad _promise_, which is total bull. sometimes i would only get to listen to one song and then boom, ad again. most times i only listen to 2_3 and another ad. and then theres multiple ads after that_ edit_ uninstalled. couldnt take it
every time i go to my playlist an ad appears and doesn't want to play my music _
1 advert for 30 mins of free music. what's there to complain about_ _nexus 5x_
since its been updated i can't listen to any music at all. it'll play an ad then it won't work at all. i'll choose the shuffle option and it just tells me to upgrade to premium for ad free listening. no music plays, fix the problem.
so many damn ads
shhshsj loveee diss app stahp the ads tho_
tooooo many ads take them off_
i don't mind spotify. pretty much commentates everything you would want in a music streaming app. however, despite me not paying for monthly membership, i am continuously tortured by ads. i know everyone has to make their buck, but when i'm told i am getting 30 minutes of ad _free_ music, you better stay true to that. because every 10 minutes i'm bombarded with 3 minutes of ads, and mathematically that's not really jiving with me. if this continues, you can be sure to cross me off the list.
i would give it five stars but it has too many ads ,but i recommend it its really good app love it
love the app it's easy to navigate, had good selection, etc etc. however would love it way more if _the next half hour is ad free_ actually meant the next half hour is ad free not the next 2 or 3 songs songs
it would be a much better app if you were able to choose the song you wanted like on pc rather than the annoying compulsory shuffle play function for free users. i know this is meant to persuade people to go premium, but personally it just puts me off the app altogether. hell, i'd prefer more ads than not being able to play the song you want.
alot of times it goes to an ad and freezes, i click back into the app and it's just a black screen, then it asks to force close. i have a t_mobile samung s4 if that helps
the appropriate description for this app should be _we try hard for money by pushing ads every few songs and disabling specific music selection from albums. get our app and pay us today_
does as advertised. but could include more song skips
ads _ shuffle only is one thing. but it constantly insisting there is no internet connection when there plainly is, is straight up poor quality. use pandora instead. edit_ now crashes on startup aswell. waste of memory.
please add official android tv app support_  i'm very disappointed there isn't an official app for spotify available on android tv,  please update and make an official android tv spotify app, that offers free ad free streaming_  i'll update my review once i see official update for android tv
ive used spotify for years and loved it but recently there are just so many ads.  like every 2_3 songs.  and its always the same ads.  ads for spotify premium,  its not even ads companies pay for that generate revenue its literally just spotify advertizing itself.  as someone that would love premium but can't afford the _10 a month i am very unhappy to have my listening experienced ruined by cheesy,  repetitive,  poorly written and downwrite cringe worthy ads every couple of minutes.  switching to pandora.
ive used spotify for years and loved it but recently there are just so many ads.  like every 2_3 songs.  and its always the same ads.  ads for spotify premium,  its not even ads companies pay for that generate revenue its literally just spotify advertizing itself.  as someone that would love premium but can't afford the _10 a month i am very unhappy to have my listening experienced ruined by cheesy,  repetitive,  poorly written and downwrite cringe worthy ads every couple of minutes.  switching to pandora.
just pure amazing but i don't like ads that i have to pay to remove
why serve ads and restrict play order_ this isn't on other devices. makes it not worth it on phones.
it would be nice for no ads  and it would be nice to show the lyrics  to the song you are listening  to
doesn't allow the user to pick songs to play. i'd guess that this is a feature only allowed for premium users. as if the ads weren't bad enough. giant thumbs down and uninstalling. disgusting marketing scheme. i expected more out of the spotify team. truly disappointed _.
constant ads after every other song, none of which are relevant to the listener's taste in any way.
_watch this short video to receive 30 minutes of ad free music_ yet, 5 or 10 minutes later, there's an add_ it's also not letting me play a song or album or artist radio anymore. and, i have a playlist with over 50 songs, but it only plays the same 20 two or three times before occasionally playing a different one.
it works as advertised, it gets a 3_5 for some inaccessible settings and just in general as a service. i have premium. song availability is 4_5 though.
it's pretty cool until u have to upgrade to premium, then it kinda blows_ especially with the ads and all.
all together great app ui is great and the ads aren't that bad it's just that you have to shuffle an album that is bad. but i guess they have to make money somehow
other than that its pretty good_ and it's free, the ads aren't too bad to have all this music for free_
since last update it plays also other songs in the album which i supposed to like to here.  and this nothing else then aggressive advertising strategy.  and that's why it's ok
i love spotify but the new update is awful. it crashes all the time. i pay for premium but it really isn't worth it if the app is going to crash every 3 songs anyways. might as well just listen to the ads.
no streaming ads, no money grab_ and the freedom to skip, search, and replay any song you want. spotify on the other hand is usable streaming app with many limitations which make it inferior to other similar apps.
it keeps saying to have the premium pack but i am only 12 years old and how could i have a atm card_ i won't use my mom's atm for this premium thing. and when i add some songs to my playlist the ones in the bottom couldn't play. so i added more songs and now the past bottom songs was now on the middle and now it can play but the ones in the bottom are not playing. it keeps giving me some ads for spotify radio. hope you'll fix this_ and i have no more time for arguing this_
right so i was listening to my playlist and what happened is i couldnt skip to the next song all it did was pop up with _get spotify premium for no ads all just your music and also i was playing my playlist i was hoping for a song i knew but it popped up with one i never even heard before. pls fix this
ads are annoying, constantly asking to go premium, and sometimes i can't find the song i really want to listen to, but this is a great, wonderful app.
why change something that worked so well.. just to get more cash. ffs man. too many adverts, can't skip when you'd like, can't  pick the track you want so what is the actual point_ will just use youtube for free._9.99 a month_ even netflix don't charge that_ riiiip off_
really good but the advertising videos suck
i love the music it is awesome but the app promised uninterruped music and it keeps pooping ads of itself. it 's annoying because i downloaded because it was adfree but apparently it's not
they limit you on how much music you play, you can't skip more than like 5 songs, and say that you get 30 minutes of ad free music if you watch this ad and then one minute later they give you another ad
as soon as i started using this app a started getting pop up ads from this app. it gave me a virus_
we don't want ads please..
i refuse to pay cos i don't mind the ads.
there's way too many ads. there used to just be s few every hour, but now there's on every 15 minutes
honestly this is the only app that does that..it happens everytime the ads play. im confused why is that happening_
if you can deal with all of the negatives with this app, it's almost worth using. just get used to hearing the same 10 songs on a 100 song playlist constantly. and the same obnoxious ads every 5 songs. and skipping suggested songs only to hear the ads again. and having to manually pause the app if you get a phone call. also be prepared to build your own playlists, as the ones you find are terrible.
saves me tons of space, ads don't bother me, it just makes my life a lot easier
i cant tell you how annoying it is to hear ads in your playlists if you have a credit card get premium
ads are really annoying
the app crashes whenever i try to run it. it only seems to work when i totally restart my phone, wipe the app's cache, and sometimes i'll even need to totally wipe my stored data on the app via settings _losing my downloads, login credentials, etc._... is anything being done to fix this_ i am a monthly subscriber and am disappointed that the app isn't working as advertised. thank you.
3 ads to every 1 song.
i hate this app first of all ads after every song plays in the background only when an ad comes up and you close it it will keep playing fix this i don't need to hear you beg for money
only thing i hate is ads are too often
need to get rid of the ads
i haven't seen_heard so many ads in my life literally_ omfg i'm going to buy all the music just to get away from this app and all its ads
i don't hate it but it's pretty annoying having to re close the app all the time and having it skip sometimes 4 songs.... sometimes i can't even pause the song i'm listening to.... and the ads are pretty annoying to and the 30 day free premium isn't free_ they ask for your card.
really wish it didn't play an ad every 2 seconds. premium is a waste so i'm not paying for that.
the ad system, the glitches that happen with it are atrocious. i would never recommend this to anyone.
i use spotify almost exclusively on mobile, had premium for a while. now i use free, and was fine until a recent update that gave song selection to premium only on mobile. peered over at my friend's tablet and she still has song selection for free. the way tablets are these days, the only difference is screen size. why should i be penalized for using a smaller device_ and why should i have to pay for something that my friend gets for free_ wasn't that the point of tolerating the ads all this time_
lots of hanging on searches, especially radio. connectivity issues, freezes, etc. suggested songs interrupting your playlist are incredibly frustrating. i really dont mind ads, but spotifys ads in general are amazingly obnoxious, with screeching subway cars being a real lowlight. and playing light r_b and spanish language ads are a killer when i'm in the gym lifting heavy. the most entertaining thing about this app is trying to guess what exactly will refuse to function properly when you open it each day.
the app is advertised as free, which it is, although to have any kind of a good experience with it you need to subscribe to the premium service, which is 8 dollars a month.
okay, so my first problem is with the suggested songs. i can never listen to my album _12_ songs_ without these. i would have to skip until i get to the song on my playlist. whats up with that_ i'm so close to uninstalling its not even funny. my second problem is the 30 minutes ad _promise_, which is total bull. sometimes i would only get to listen to one song and then boom, ad again. most times i only listen to 2 or 3 and another ad. and then theres multiple ads after that_ cant believe this. terrible app.
great for finding music. too many ads too frequently for really listening _can't blame them_. i personally wouldn't subscribe though, i like owning my music.
i remember back then there wasn't that many ads. now every time i switch to a different playlist or it says _the next 30 minutes are ad free thanks to this commercial. i keep getting ads like every 10 minutes.
this is a fantastic app and i have no idea how i would live my musical life without it but there is one thing and it makes me sooooooo angry so i have a ps4 and i'll be playing spotify and then this ad will come on and i don't keep my tv very loud but this commercial it's of a car honking and some other stupid bs  and it's extremely loud so yeah fix that spotify and i'll reconsider
i don't mind advertisements, but i hate when it pops up and forces me to watch the ad while i am on another app or surfing web .   you know pandora does not do that spotify... i am uninstalling.  i sent a couple of bad text messages because of this crap.
i don't mind advertisements, but i hate when it pops up and forces me to watch the ad while i am on another app or surfing web .   you know pandora does not do that spotify... i am uninstalling.  i sent a couple of bad text messages because of this crap.
never using this again, paid for a subscription and when i open the app i cant play music, premium ads repeat instead, the app hasnt played a song in 3 hours only ads.
advertising of a car manufacturer is really unnecessary a app
unless you want ads don't get the premium. there are ads from left to right and yes they will get annoy but once you get the premium its all fine and working. the music is great and the quality is awesome, i would recommend  it_
if i wanted this many ads, i would listen to fm radio_
i thought there's no premium version but it was there more inappropriate ads and online listening not fair i thought it's true but it's premium version only. _
but too many ads.
i love spotify. any song i want to listen to at my fingertips. i can create playlists and my own library. i pay for premium _10 a month and it's so worth it but you can get free spotify. just ads and you can't listen to individual songs...it's more of a shuffle play that way.
even when i hadn't bought spotify, i would've rated it 5_5. the ads aren't nearly as annoying as other music or video apps. makes it real easy to listen to, i'm even happier with buying it. i even got my first month free. i'm a happy cat. thanks, spotify_
well at first the music is limited but after a while ads and paymet show up
i started using spotify probably a year ago and i love it but now that i got use to it even if it isn't premium _and the ads are always there_ it suddenly stopped after i used the 7 days free premium. what happen why is it not working anymore_
i love it minus the ads
many ads began to run last time
love it_ 4 only coz of ads...
everything is great at first when i didn't reformat my phone yet then i gave 4 stars but then now when i re install the app. it doesn't work well then i gave 3 stars because of technical errors like shuffle botton then pls. get rid of the spotify's ads it annoys me sometimes bcouse i really  want to listen a music straight without those commercial ads and bla bla bla _ that's all _ godspeed _
i messed with spotify briefly about a year ago. didn't want to download a free mp3 player and deal with all the ads and wished pandora would let me pick and choose when i felt like it. and youtube...love it but such a downfall not being able to lock your phone. totally destroys my battery when i'm up tower. did some research and decided to try spotify premium. wow...this is what i've always wanted but never took the time to fully try out. double high fives developers_ outstanding job _
better than most music apps. especially when you want to listen to one band. advertising sucks, always. thank god they haven't gone slacker radio. at least, not yet.
i know 100_ that is the issue, because it plays for .25 seconds, then pauses. however, if i spam the play button, it plays flawlessly for about 5 sec. meaning that every time i hit play, it starts, and pings the authentication server for authorization. when that returns false or doesn't return fast enough, the app force pauses again. you may as well change your ad to _pay us for nothing_ at least then you'll avoid false ad suites. still a problem 10_28_2015
one ad per 30 minutes is fantastic. you think about australian television and comparatively spotify is great. that will most likely change as spotify's popularity expands and there is more money to be made. then i imagine my opinion will change.
the. only thing that i would change is that u get ads every. hour
if your taste in music is rather diverse then i would highly recommend downloading spotify. i would have to say at least 90_ of what i have searched for has been available, from classical to punk, industrial to rap, alternative to metal, and pretty much everything else you can imagine. i would highly recommend upgrading to a premium subscription, no commercials or advertisements, the ability to create playlists, unlimited _skips_, and you can also play music offline as well_
this is awesome way better than pandora especially with the ads
great app.  opens with network bug.  ads can be annoying.  love listening to lots of different music.
i understand the need for ads in free version, but they could be spaced a bit further apart, especially in the sleep_meditation genre. and searches could be less particular _ more wide_range. also, the ability to search different spotify areas_ songs, playlists, etc. otherwise, it's great_ i hear what i choose, the layout is perfect, can use other apps at same time, _ can categorize my saved songs with a method that works for me.
doesnt go on to the next song after the ads
the free version has intermittent ads throughout but its better than listening to the same songs on the radio everyday. stoked_
i wake up and listen to music no ads i love it
i like it but it has to many ads
perfect for picking songs but a lot of ads when playing the song u want
i've looked at other streaming and none have advertising as intrusive as spotify. sure you could upgrade to premium but if i'm to move from one premium service _currently play music_ then you can't permanently take up a part on my notification blind with an advertisement for windows 10. uninstalling now.
i had tried a lot of music apps,but l think that this is the best app ever. i discover a new songs l fall inlove and always get a best music here. and ads its not annoying as in other apps
the ads are a little annoying for the free version but it's the standard for most music apps these days,  other than that it's the best app to listen to music.
although i don't love the ads, i am thankful for a good app that i can listen to my favorite music on. i love spotify_
put up with an advert here and there and have amazing free access to music from around the globe. what's not to like_
brilliant for music, very little i wasnt able to find and my musical tastes can be very obscure, adverts arent even that annoying
i have tried iheart radio and pandora but spotify gives me the most control with very few ads _like 1 every 10 songs_. i would say that about 95_ of the songs that i search for i find. _updated_ score lowered because i think when you go off of wifi you have to pay to play a specific song which renders the app useless to me.  that is a sad tactic to play in order to drive sales. _thinking about deleting_
where shall i begin. first this app has my wrong email address gave them my new one but they're still not using it. two there app will say watch this short message and get 30 minutes of free ads. well somebody needs to do something because after the message it's usually 5 minutes and more ads, so i have to stop my workout, get my phone out turn down the volume and wait for this to be over. clearly somebody can't count and this is been happening more and more. three the contact us they not respond or care
that hellelvator whatever ad is the worst ad i've ever heard. and it comes on everytime i have ads. i absolutely hate it and wish i could block just that one ad. please remove them. it frightens me when i'm listening to my chill music and suddenly someone is screaming into my ears.
ads do little to water down the music but it's a shame you can't pick your tracks on the mobile version.
more ads than ever just to listen to music. every time i listen now i hear one ad, one song, then another ad. i tried spotify premium and while i liked it, i can't justify that price in my monthly budget just for music
let us play music without limits .. you can use it for free and unlimited but have controlled advertisement and if u buy it the ads will remove_
let us play music without limits .. you can use it for free and unlimited but have controlled advertisement and if u buy it the ads will remove_
i just want to pick a song that i want rather than forces me to listen to other song _ randomly. i dont know what happend. and the premium and ads. i hate it_ fix this pls_ i want the older version than new version.
ive had for over 2_ years, love it. tho please update a lot of the artist and their newer albums. works just fine on my galaxy s5 even with the updates. only thing i hate is when premium runs out and i can't pick any song i want...but worth the _10 a month because i hate ads.
feel good to listen song without having ads popping out
too many advertisement
besides the ads i like the features on this app, good quality as well as having lots of variety
too much ads and it said free premium for 30 days i ain't adding my credit card info
positive_ sleek interface_ good sound quality _better than soundcloud_....... cons _for no subscription_ i'll sum it up with the ad quote after hearing a 30 sec add. _now enjoy 30min of add free music._ one 3 minute song finished playing. ad. _now enjoy 30min of add free music._ another 3 minute song... ad. c'mon spotify. might as well make the subscription mandatory rather than these cheap tactics.
it'd be nice if the mobile version had as much flexibility as the non_mobile version without having to upgrade to premium. but, it still works really well on my phone and most of the time, the ads aren't even that annoying.
love it but i hate the ads...
absolutely brilliant even with adverts
i don't hate it but it's pretty annoying having to re close the app all the time and having it skip sometimes 4 songs.... sometimes i can't even pause the song i'm listening to.... and the ads are pretty annoying to and the 30 day free premium isn't free_ they ask for your card.
too much ads but overall good
but now adverts start in the middle of songs and after the ad another song plays...
but now adverts start in the middle of songs and after the ad another song plays...
if you don't have premium then the ads do get annoying and repetitive, but with premium is awesome for my workouts and when i study.
i use to really like this service once. even when i use to play ads between afew track i didn't mind that or listening to some ads for 30 minutes of ad free music. the money had to come from somewhere i under stand that. however now we can even skip, go back or even chose what song we want even on are own playlist. what if i all ready heared that song 10 times that day or if i want to reply the perverse one. sorry spotify i'm unstalling you and going to get my music fix from youtube.
the app will play one song, then say _offline mode_ if your using data. works ok with wifi.  also the ads play 10 times louder than the actual music. i only use pandora and google music now.
i love being able to find music and create playlists in premium with no ads.
i love everythin bout this app except for the ads when u dont have preminum
the ads say it all. when you want, where you want, what you want. i love artist radio and song radio i pick the type of music i feel like listening to and just listen.
sometimes lags or doesnt open but music quality is good and ads arent that bad. premium is pricy though. download if you want.
there's a good variety of music, and ads aren't that often
i have been using this for a while now and i love it, and even when there is ads, there is usually only one or occasionally two. i definitely recommend this to anyone who wants to discover new music or just listen to music you already love
i am getting tired of trying to relax and listen to music and an add pop up up every second, stupid video that gives u 30 minute ad free well it still interrupts it, and some people can't afford 9 dollars a month cause first off most not all users are adults or older teens. also the only reason i'm keeping this app is so i can listen to new songs they don't put on youtube so your lucky for that
all the music you want and no ads... well worth _9.99 a month
not a single problem when running spotify, adverts are rarely played on free version as well.
i was resistant with getting spotify after using pandora for years. with pandora all the ads and lack of variety just finally got to me. when i signed up for spotify i was in shock of the wide selection and capabilities the user had to skip songs and so forth. not only that but you take advantage of the language lessons they offer as well as books. great product_
i have to play songs by shuffle play. it's stupid. too much ads. this app sucks
the music quality  is great and the music is great. i love spotify. there are some ads that pop up but other than that it's great _ _
the advertisement of the free version is choppy and annoying. in this way, i think spotify company is forcing the users to subscribe the paid version of the application.
just wish the ads were gone bought overall awesome
app runs amazing on my lg tablet and samsung galaxy s3_ i highly recommended this app_ not too many ads either_
just don't like all the ads it's really annoying
to many ads
i love to listen to music and and only 30 sec ads that's great_
too many ads but if you don't wanna pay for music i strongly recommend this app_
people...._quit bitchin_....get the premium if you don't like all the ads and music stopping..... the premium _rocks_, it is worth it...steve
i love spotify. sometimes the ads are annoying, but it's still cooler than pandora because they give you playlists for every mood.
i pay for no ads and with the last update i am getting them. not happy_
best music app, and after deezer i never notice the adverts on this
no such great thing as advertised everywhere
i do like this app but it needs ads to be removed
crashes every time it comes to an advert when the screen is locked on marshmallow on my nexus 5x please fix_
songs sound great and not digitized or cheap.    if you dont like ads just pay for the app its not expensive
good quality music, don't have to upgrade so free music with a few ads. love it
this app used to be pretty fantastic on mobile but now it's just filled with a bunch of back to back 30 second ads and it will give me recommended songs that aren't even close to the genre i listen to and it's annoying
by far there's not advertising by brands in this area. instead, there are promoting playlists and spofity premium. looks like you have trouble promoting here. the rest of the app is fine by the exception of even chillout and ambient music have loudy ads.
by far there's not advertising by brands in this area. instead, there are promoting playlists and spofity premium. looks like you have trouble promoting here. the rest of the app is fine by the exception of even chillout and ambient music have loudy ads.
only if i had enough money to buy no ads it will be perfect.
i used to love spotify, i could put up with the adverts and i understand these are necessary to offer a free service.  however, now they have started to include video adverts for spotify.  the most annoying part of it is that the volume is ramped_up so much that it startles you and makes you jump out of your seat.  not a nice feature spotify.
always crashing and being weird messing up my phone, gives me ads right after ive watched the video for 30 minutes without ads, smh.
i use it every day. it's a fair system of ads and limited things for free service
i love spotify but its been freezing up alot for me, esp. when the ads pop up, other than that i would have to say i love it but just fix the glitches.
nice music except for the ads
this is a. lot like pandora with ads why not just make people buy the app and let us listen just like if we have premium but without paying.
ads and limitations on mobile are annoying and _10 a month is steep to fix that. otherwise the product is grade a. i'll be buying stock in this company.
i'm working on my car, i click on you're obnoxious ad person just so i can have 30 _minutes_ of no ads and an add comes in literally after one song. pleade, stop forcing ads down our throats. it's demining.
probably the best music_playlist app still available on the play store, at least of the ones i have tried, but the few bugs i have encountered have been too bad for me to really recommend it to android users. it force closes almost every time i get a video ad _yknow, the ones for 30 mins ad free_, sometimes even before i have a chance to opt out of it. now, it's been freezing my entire phone to the point that i cannot even turn off the screen until i physically remove the battery. only with this app.
when i am listing to music sometimes the spotify advert comes in the middle of a song over all good_
i watch an ad which is supposably suppose to give you 30 minutes ad free then i get another ad 3 minutes later
the ads sucks, but what sucks more is they make you watch a video to _remove_ the ads for 30 minutes,and ads still come up.
adds random songs to your playlist that you can't skip. not to mention 30s ads every 30min. disappointed.
excellent, great stuff and a wicked music player when you choose premium... wow _ i sound like a spotify advert _
standard edition u get any song not offline, cannot download songs, ads, limited number of skips, plays songs not on ur playlist but related to the artist. premium edition u get offline songs, no ads, play any song any time, premium is _10 a month which i cannot afford. get premium or don't get it at all.
good selection and great quality. but ads on free are annoying, they could at least be better quality
too many ads and even though i have premium on my laptop it won't let me have it on my phone
many songs that press to play won't play at all. not due to wifi or volume it just won't play, the time doesn't move or anything. secondly sometimes the song does play but with no volume, i looked on your website for support but nothing worked. also i know you give commercials but i have sometimes an ad after each song and its annoying.
this app is a real troll. it lets you listen to your music, but only shuffled, and you can't play a specific one without using shuffle. then you'll get an ad saying you'll get thirty minutes ad free, only to find out it's a lie and that they want you to get premium. this ad comes up after about 6 or 7 songs, then it won't play any more songs until you get premium. don't download this app. and to the spotify team, please make a better app, not some desperate cash grab. at least make it like the ios versions.
the ads replay every 10 minutes, not 30. also, the ads replay twice. i had premium, it was too expensive though.
lots of choices, not too many ads.
i hate how the ads that say watch and get 30 minutes of ad free listening don't actually work. 1 song later and there's another ad
the best music app on the market. i mean you pay _8 a month and you have no ads, no skip limit, play the songs you want to listen and download all the music you want. it cant get better than that_
works well, love the music discovery and ads are infrequent to not break the flow
there is always pop ups. i jusat wish the pop ups and ads would stop plz fix. other than that it's great, awsome music and everything. keep upbthe good work _
its good_ but you can't skip more than 6 songs in your play list... money grab... rather download my own music... now why dont you be the _1 music app and take off the ad... using my data for nothing... deleting this crap...  you gotta buy it before its a great app... cant do sh_t anymore
i enjoy the music, and if it was only 1 ad than i'd be a 5 star, but recently it's been the spotify ad, then two additional ads, so really 3. the streamable music makes up for it mostly.
i use spotify free, and i think it's a great service. you can only shuffle_play, but it isn't too much of a problem. the ads are a little annoying, but in my mind, it is worth it to save the money.
i really like spotify, it's my new favorite music app. maybe my only problem are the ads, but besides that, it's great
there are too many ads
i don't have money to get premium and every time a song ends, the premium ad starts playing and its getting on my nerves_ please make it stop people that made this wonderful app_
standard edition u get any song not offline, cannot download songs, ads, limited number of skips, plays songs not on ur playlist but related to the artist. premium edition u get offline songs, no ads, play any song any time, premium is _10 a month which i cannot afford. get premium or don't get it at all.
annoying ads, but great music.
if we have ads why not unlimited skips.
it works great, but my main complaint is that you have to pay monthly for premium instead of just paying one time, so it gets annoying having to deal with all the repetitive ads
the music stops and the screen goes black everytime i skip a song. also if i try to turn it off during an ad it wont shut down.
i like the fact that you get all of this music for free, _ no ads _
good app minus that it skips songs after an ad
the audio levels for the ads are all over the place_ some ads are low, but some are over_the_top loud...way louder than my music volume is set at.
lots of ads but worth it
the honking spotify ad leaves me mad every time i hear it. it is absolutely awful to hear horns blaring in my ear buds. if i don't hear that specific ad for a month i will increase my rating otherwise i will be looking at other options for music consumption
one should the premium version for free for all but mr spend with advertising
i know there's ads on the app if you don't have premium, which i have no problem with however, when my 1 year old and i are listening to a toddler radio and an ad for hells elevator comes on and it's blood curdling screams. i'm not okay with that. it freaked her out and i'm not happy. i would think they would tailor the ads slightly. a condom ad would have been better than what we experienced.
it's crap because even when i paid for premium it still messed up and played random songs. also 10 pounds a month to avoid ads is stupid. might as well download your songs since spotify won't play with no internet. utterly useless
too many ads. premium is not worth it.
i really love spotify. i wish the app would come with the option to play the songs i want when i want like the desktop version, but i can live with shuffle play. what annoys me to no end is that so very often when an ad plays that says the next 30 minutes are ad free the music just stops completely. i have to restart the app completely to get it going again. this happens on android and apple devices_ please fix this_
it's the middle of the night and i'm trying to fall asleep and you play a freaking paranormal activity advertisement_ are you seriously that heartless_
i used to like spotify. now you can't switch songs and you have advertises every two seconds.
good selection, the ads are super annoying, so premium is probably a good plan.
i don't have spotify premium, but i don't let that stop me from enjoying my music. it's great even with the ads very few interruptions. i can put it on and listen while i cook without worrying about having to change a disk.
i love spotify and am a premium member, however ads keep popping up, even though i've paid for it successfully_  due to this fault i'm considering going back to the free version
i get the _listen to this ad for 30 mins of ad free music_ only to get an ad every 2_3 songs_ so infuriating_
i like the music and choices.  but i hate that you guys play horror movies ads.  it's terrible.
ok advertising, shuffle play ok, ok the limit of 6 skip for now, but i find it unacceptable to be forced to hear _recommended songs._ sometimes it seems that the intention is to tire the user to push it to pay the premium
not too many ads but plenty of opportunities for cheap premium to remove ads and play any song, lots of song selection.
fairly stable app, does at least most of the things the desktop version does. good control on the lock screen. one of the ads is ridiculously loud, but using our family premium account fixes that _ wish the premium was a bit cheaper, but i suppose as of now it can't be helped with the music business being the way it is...
excellent besides the creepy paranormal activity ads during my playlist designed to help me sleep haha, 4_5. _
not every artists available. also,  alot of live recordings. in free version, ads so can be annoying.
every time an ad pops up for 30 minutes of _ad_free music_, it freezes at the end and you have to close out the app to continue listening to music. spotify is a joke
well if you stop the ad that would be great.
i accept the ads, and would pay for premium at a lower price point
excellent selection_ limited ads
i always click the adds that offer 30 minutes of ad free music, but lately, they never give me more than like, 5 minutes of ad free music. it's getting on my nerves, considering i can't afford to buy premium and i still do my part to earn my 30 minutes of free music by watching unnecessarily long ads....
it's ok...it's just you have to upgrade to premium in order to skip more than a few songs and listen without wi_fi, and no ads
this is the only good app i know of which let's you make playlists and listen to exactly the songs you want to, instead of just playing songs which are supposedly _similar_ to the music you like. the ads aren't even that frequent. i have not tried premium, but i might in the future.
great music choice. a few adverts but nothing to spoil your listening. a small price to pay for free music
i have had this spotify for a while and i have noticed that more and more they have been adding advertisements. i can listen to 3 or 4 songs then i have to listen to two separate advertisements back to back. i am tired of the advertisement and i am deleting the app today so hope this helps someone in the future
is so hard deleting a song and when you  do, it play's the song one more time, the other annoying thing is the adds it only dose mcdonald's and halloween ads,i don't get it why have to pay for skips and playing the music offline it's a waste of money. don't get this it's a waste of battery
i use it when i'm sleeping and half the time the ads are so much louder than the music that they wake me up
love it_ other than ads
big cons_ spotify now sells data about their customers to advertisers. spotify regularly replaces songs in my playlists wit songs they deem similar without notification. spotify has a system where promotional content may become unavailable based on region.
no adverts for free please
great app but way too many ads if you don't have premium.
your expected to pay just to pick what f_cking song you want, otherwise you have to shuffle a whole album just to get to the song you want_ f_cking waste of time. and the ads make it even worse. if this app had a one time payment i'd buy the premium because i'm not paying every month for this sh_t. uninstalling and not recommending to anyone.
i'm very disappointed in the app as of late. i know when you have the free version, ads are expected. but when you are promised ad free for 30 minutes, i should expect it. i have even went through times when i chose not to skip any songs to see if i would receive the whole 30 minutes, and would still have ads in between_ sometimes after 3 songs and i know the songs i listen to are not all 10 minutes long. i will be uninstalling, both on my phone and my pc. i will wait until a new update is available
gospel, ballads, concertos. moonlight sonata to give your hear a home and beyond. can't wait to pay _10 a month for ad free music i have chosen_
can't even play offline without paying and also you need to watch so many ads
its a great app bit there are so many ads. i can't get through more than two or three songs witout an ad, please fix this_ _  _
wish i had more control like i do on my ps4 console without having to pay for functionality. i understand ads and put up with them, but limited song skips_ really_
works perfectly ad never messes up but this 7_day trial stuff should be longer_
this app was good until the recent update. now my music will play an just stop and when i open the app it will restart the song. i will listen to an add for 30 minutes of ad free music and after my music stops. the song will restart and right after there's an app. this app used to be the the best. now it's a joke. i'll just buy my own music and use pandora.
there's ads after every song_
it does not need premium or even there was no ads telling you about premium
all of the music i love for free_ discovering great new artist, too_ this app also has some cool features_ one thing i don't like is how i can be interrupted by one of spotify's ads, but that's not a reason for me to give the app less than 5 stars and a good review._
i  like this app but this app has to much ads take it out please
love this but the downside is you have to pay for no ads and to be offline
if it didn't have ads i would give it 5 stars
i like this app espcially the layout but there is too many ads and i can't afford the premium, so can one of you guys reduce the ads...pls
even if i have to sit through a couple of ads, it's still a thousand times better than radio_ at least i can browse and choose playlists all i want and i don't have to sit through annoying chatter.
there is a wide range of music and its good for listening at home. better on pcs and tablets but on phones is limited. ads can also be annoying, and doesn't play on phones without connection. other than that, its very good. spotify premium hosts a range of cool features
all the music i like with way less ads
is great. adverts are a bit annoying at times but that's what you get if you don't have premium. sometimes suggested songs can be a bit annoying too like this morning when i wanted to listen to christmas music it started playing robbie williams. also not being able to select songs is annoying but then i don't have premium so... overall it's brilliant defiantly recommend.
i don't like that we have to pay to skip songs and on pc you only get ads
ads are ok in return for the free version.  don't see why you can't also go backwards as well in forwards a limited number  of times as well.  if you want premium you will get it and if you don't you wont, so seems  tight really.  overall,  realistically the best app although the play lists etc get confusing unless your 14 and wear you trousers around your knees_
every time i tried to listen to the music i liked...the app forced me to watch the freaking ads.
after the recent update its telling me to pay for premium when i've only just paid for it_ i refuse to pay for it again. and do we really have to have adverts when we've paid for premium_ please fix_
but you guys deleted one of my favorite cds _ also the new update has alot more ads but still love it
love spotify but lately it has been pausing my music. it is supposed to run in the background not work for 5 minutes then stop, causing me to go to the app and press play. there is also one more really annoying problem with spotify free,  i will spend the time to watch an ad to get the 30 minutes of ad_free music,  but after one song i get another ad. please fix_
i don't like the fact that you have to buy a premium version to listen to music without ads pleas make it free so we can enjoy the music without having to pay
you can find good and real song, but wish you didn't have to pay to do things to find certain songs, could skip songs, not listen to ads,etcetera.
there's ads after every song_
loud ads. _get 30 minutes ad_free_, i listen to one song after watching the add, and guess what_ another noisy add_ also _ listen anonymously_ doesnt do much as in it shows what artists you've listened to while anon in the _recently played_ on your profile. spotify is full of crap, i'm looking for better alternatives. also if you ask them to delete your account, they will not do it, in fact they'll keep sending u emails and using your info.
because i got premium and its ad free and i can stream off line _
i would say it's better then pandora because you don't get those annoying ads
so with the recent update you decide to interrupt actual songs with ads_ i'm switching to a different streaming service even after being premium user for months. unacceptable. bye bye spotify. and there's always soundcloud, too. _update_ you still interrupt songs with ads before they even get to finish. do something about it or you'll loose users, enough with forcing us to pay, if we want to, we will, like i've done before.
i can't listen to the songs i choose, because of suggested songs and required shuffle play. i don't want to listen to your crappy suggested songs. on top of that there's way to many ads, and premium is shoved in my face every 5 minutes. i hate this app.
would love it more if i didn't lose all my music when had to download app on a new phone and also lost my subscription to premium have to listen to ads again please explain
my go to for music _not already downloaded on my phone_ less ads than pandora and better music selection. it's great.
only thing is the advertising  and  everything  else  is  ok
every time i go to my pictures i see a whole bunck of pictures from spotify _30 something to be exact_ also too many ads _3 every 5 songs_.
great selection of music and adverts are not over obtrusive
i like how we have the option to shuffle our music, but there's too many ads
spotify will periodically say,  _watch this short ad for 30 commercial_free minutes_ i often get another ad after 10 or 20 minutes. annoying because i had to race to my phone to press the stupid button_ also_ i have so many songs on my playlist. why do i hear the same ones over and over_ finally, if i'm listening to an artist or album that doesn't have enough songs, spotify will play _recommended_ songs. they are not related to what i'm listening to. i don't want justin beiber when i put on mozart.
but i dont like all the ads and i dont wanna buy premium so i can listen to what i want
i can't play the one song i want without a premium and trust me it sucks. plus its a little odd that they allow you to follow people who are already dead. overall, i do like the music. all because its free. i just don't believe its fair that you have to listen to those stupid annoying ads after your song plays. even if i don't have to listen to music for thirty hours the free of ads thing still exists, meaning its running my minutes so i have to listen yo the ads again. id give it a four but...butt
the best app of its kind for music on the go or just music....... ads not good but really you can put up with it. i have not got spotify premium but i have heard great things about it. great app overall amazing keep it going_
sometimes it says im not connected to the internet. also i stopped getting the watch this ad for 30 min of ad free music and now i get commercials like every other song. other than that i really like it
in the beginning was just fine advertisement every 30  min but lately is almost every 15 min.
literally when i try to listen a song right when i open the app boom ad i watch a video ad that lets me 30 minute free ads nope when i skip a song boom ad are you serious i just watched a free 30 minute ad seriously less ads also if you can please make the free 7 day trial thing reset like every month to be fair at least
it is great and you dont have many adverts  either
has almost everything you would want to find. the artist always deserves the value returned of what they put into it, but this is excellent advertising_ i've bought countless albums since using_hearing things through spotify.
i just don't like the ads
would give a five star but there r just too many ads. it interrupts the music.
love being able to pick individual songs, but hate the increasing number of ads.
really, they are_ disable the option to skip more than a set limit and only choose shuffle on the mobile app, but i can pick whatever song and skip unlimitedly on desktop and ps4. how else are you going to force subscriptions_ since mobile is the majority for most, it's not for me. not phased. also, the 30 min ad free is a lie. i'll get an ad between 19_27 min.
why do i need to get spotify premium just to switch songs when i want to_ and now the search button is not showing up. i can understand if you want to play your music offline you will have to pay for it, but when i want to switch between and search a song we should at least do it with out having to pay for it. spotify throw in some more ads if you have to i don't care but i want to listen to what i want when i want to, when i'm at home. if i'm on the go then i'll think about premium.
oh i need premium to use with chromecast audio_ no problem, i'll just listen to less of your ads by not listening at all. google music, 8tracks, soundcloud, and pandora let you cast for free.
need to honor user settings. nasty ads. won't even let you quit. piece of junk.
starting to become like pandora to many ads and bugs like not loading my playlists and other issues please fix i don't wanna stop using it
it is a good app to listen to music with, especially on my ps4 while playing games worth paying for no ads.
although i don_t like the advertisement but overall i love the app. those who loves music, this app is greatly for u.
hate the ads
great app, ads do get annoying but premium is not too much with student discounts
although i don't like that you need to pay for listening anywhere or no ads
i dont even mind the ads and limit on skips. its still awesome
by far there's not advertising by brands in this area. instead, there are promoting playlists and spofity premium. looks like you have trouble promoting here. the rest of the app is fine by the exception of even chillout and ambient music have loudy ads.
by far there's not advertising by brands in this area. instead, there are promoting playlists and spofity premium. looks like you have trouble promoting here. the rest of the app is fine by the exception of even chillout and ambient music have loudy ads.
i had premium with my contract with vodafone and when i changed plans i lost it and hasn't got round to renewing it. i've tried using it without premium and it had adverts, which was a nuisance, but fair enough. then it wouldn't let me play a song, i could only shuffle a playlist or album_ that was annoying. now it decides after a couple of songs that it will play what it wants. completely random songs that it _recommends_, but i can't change them. i'm so angry i wouldn't get premium if they paid me.
spoiled by the ads, 'recommended songs' and the fact you can skip through the song to a later part.
works very well, and doesn't use too many ads. easy to use. great list of music and varieties to choose from
this app is way better then pandora, i like the 30 min no ads if i just listen to one_
only bad thing are ads if you don't have premium i use it a lot on my ps4 other than that 9_10
weekly discovery based on your liked songs is what makes me love this service... ads are a bit annoying, but c'mon its free_
the subscription is worth it but even if you have to deal with ads its not so bad.
i'm fine with listening to ads on a free music app_how else would it work_ but the fact you can't listen to the song you want, when you want without upgrading is ridiculous. albums are only available to listen to shuffled, and even then the app makes you listen to a bunch of _suggested songs_ instead of the songs you picked. it's obviously a way to frustrate people into buying the subscription service, which imo is total bullshit. uninstalled.
i'm discovering great artist over never heard of thru discover weekly playlist. watching ads to get blocks of uninterrupted music is awesome to. definitely going to upgrade to premium when my budget allows. only gripe is the mood, artist, and genre radio stations and playlists could use some work. not impressed on those yet.
why mobile phone restrictions_ mobile spotify played songs only on shuffle, 5 song skip restriction, and i couldn't save songs using search. you made spotify free for pc, smarttablets, and playstation. it was ads that kept coming up every 5 or 6 songs. if you just make it better for mobile phones, i'll give it a 5 star.
i absolutely love music, it is an integral part of my life, and spotify lets me listen to a lot of the music i enjoy. i'm into many different genres, everything from metal to oldies to underground hip_hop and spotify has a very diversified portfolio so to speak. but it often does this thing where there will be no button for when it says click here to watch this video and get 30 mins ad free, also it'll go to an ad but then won't play and i have to force close and reopen. but even free version is awesome.
the music is great, the playlists are great, yet, this app is always closing on me. also, even after i watch the ad to get 30 minutes of uninterrupted music, it still play ads within about 10 minutes...
cool playlists...has some ads butthe ads are short so not a big deal.
awesome, haven't found a single else in this app other than occasional ad and the whole randomized thing but that exposed me to different music i wasn't getting on youtube
this app truly lives up to everything it claims to be and more. even the free version has just the right amount of ads as to not completely ruin the listening experience. i truly recommend this app.
i have to do a hard reboot of my phone everytime you force me to stream a video for 30 mins ad free listening, that i really don't want_ if i wanted ad free listening i'd sign up for premium_ otherwise app is fine.
i just love when you can play any song in this app but the ads kinda bothers me but still a good app because you can use premium to stop ads and play songs without being interrupted. i also like when you have to go somewhere you can play songa with wireless connections _ hope people would like spotify as much as i do _
okay for listening to music i can handle the ads. but what i can't handle is when some of your ads play they are so loud i have to rip my headphones from my ears because it hurts. maybe it's just me but even when i have my phone or computer on low volume and when spotify is on low volume as well it's still the same. i think i'll just stick to pandora.
5 if you pay for it. 3 if you don't because these ads try too hard to be funny. also because there's no set time for them to show up. they just do.
i listen to music practically all day every day and this is the best app i've had the pleasure of coming across. the option to _watch a video_ for 30 minutes of ad free music is pretty nice bc it literally takes like 12 seconds. the playlists are infinite...i mean seriously, you not only search the spotify ones but people's personal ones as well...the only way it would get more perfect is if the artist came out of my screen to personally sing to me lolol love you spotify. mean it.
it good it doesn't have that many ads.
spotify lies to u. it says 30 minute ad free music if u watch a video. so i did. within the next 15 minuted, there's 2 ads_
hate ads. but that's why i pay for premium _
i really do love spotify. the advertisements aren't even that bad, but i still wish they weren't there but absolutely love.
would b great if no ads n didn't have to pay for ad free
i had this on my old phone, so i installed it.but it won't log in it just keeps saying that i have a already got a account with the same address. i did like the app but the ads were a bit annoying
i wouldn't recommend this to anyone. i only downloaded this so i could listen to music in the shower, and it was a huge waste of my time. about thirty seconds into the first song, it stops and plays a _voluntary_ ad, which states that if i sit through it, i wi have 30 min of free music. i sat through the crappy ad, only to be unable to play any music on my playlist. it would only play random music that i dont even like from some random playlist that i never made. just make a youtube playlist_ worked better
this app is great on wifi.  it offers great features like 30 second ads that block other ads for 30 minutes, the connect feature that makes your phone a remote for your pc, and a decent equalizer.  when on data, though, it becomes laggy, ads and songs can load improperly, requiring skips or restarts to resume, and if any of these things  occur it may disable the equalizer, forcing you to manually remind the app to use them.  tl_dr app bugs out on data, but otherwise good.
great app and great value if you subscribe. great laugh reading comments of stupids who haven't subscribed and expecting a full service for nothing. free service is great and ads are not too frequent especially compared to local radio.
the app is great. it  wouldn't hurt to not have to pay in order to listen to unlimited music with no ads.
this app is well worth the money. no ads, and they have every song you want right at your fingertips.
it's amazing but there should less ads
all it does is play ads and you only get 5 skips. it doesn't even realize i've added to or deleted songs from playlists and just continues to play songs that i deleted and it plays like the same 5 songs on that playlist over and over. also if you don't have enough songs on a playlist than it wants it just plays suggested songs that you don't even want to hear. overall it's awful and premium is overpriced.
the ads are so much louder than the songs, the shuffle is not working _although there's supposed to be a lot of saved songs on my playlist_ and the latest and most annoying one_ why there is a saved icon in my gallery_ hide it or delete it, it seems to be showing up no matter what. fix it_
best music app ever. but to much ads
it may be free but for ads free cost _8.99 _ a free trial for 8 days straight
i hate you.  more ads after letting premium go for lack of music. you claim any song but that's not true.  i keep getting not a available in my region.  usa. wtf man_
i was going to sleep but your ads ruined it_ stop foolishing us and stop forcing us to give to you our money_ grrrrrreer _ we are not that people who are just messing our penny to just play a music ., this app only wants our money ., sorry for that words im giving my own opinion in your money forcing app.
i wish they had a sleep timer. i don't mind the ads because it makes it free. they have all my favorite artist and have alot of other cool features. hoping they get the sleep timer because i would love to listen to music while i fall asleep.
except for the ads
if u are on wifi and create your playlist a few ads every 30 mins okay with me
common who cares about the ads its worth buying the subscription_
the ads just make this app so much worse and you have to pay money to stop them and let people just choose whatever song they like without paying for premium version and remove the suggested songs too _
needs less ads
this is the best app ever just sooo much ads for non premium members and actually mean it when you say 30 minute ad free music because ads always come after 2 songs
the only thing i don't like is ads.
it's good but sometimes you have a short video then the next 20 mins is ad free and on more than one occasion the app crashes the music, causing me to reset and back to adverts.
it's good but sometimes you have a short video then the next 20 mins is ad free and on more than one occasion the app crashes the music, causing me to reset and back to adverts.
the app really struggles to properly function when playing in the background, or when browsing the internet. the audio quality also pops in and out occasionally.it also crashes quite frequently out of knowwhere, but when i reopen the app it starts off with the same song over again.i loved the app at first but after about two months, it's real problems are starting to show very prominently. it gets frustrating when you can't listen to music as it's advertised.
love it but too many ads
i had it since the beginning a long time ago.  i like spotify because i make play lists w the songs i want to hear not some programming director working for pandora etc. i know what songs i want to hear. i don't need to listen to songs by similar artist in a genre the almost like... too many ads. i lost my subscription for life and that sucks...
the 30 second ads sometimes don't give the prompt to be watched when the voiceover says you can. and sometimes it plays regular ads instead of showing the 30 second ad. it worked great before, can't remember exactly when it stopped functioning right. great app otherwise_
it says to watch an ad for 30 mins of ad free music but no ad or music plays...
sometimes too many ad
the ads weren't so intrusive
spotify your really pushing my buttons. its annoying that i have to make a album for one song just to listen to it. all im asking is you play the songs i select and dont do as much freaking ads
the ads in the free version were kind of annoying, but once i paid the _0.99 for the three months they stopped and i am pleased.
i have no problem but too many ads
keep getting ads in _30 minutes of ad free music_
i don't mind ads, and i get that it's a free streaming service but obnoxious ads that blare things such as horns, yelling, poor music taste, among other things are not only annoying, but completely turn me away from the product or service. this isn't exactly spotify's problem but a little regulation to stop those retarded auto zone ads would be great.
recently the app has crashed after every launch within a minute or two.adding that to the fact this app is packed with ads back to back at times makes this a hit or miss. you can never pick which song you want to listen to only a randomised playlist with the song included. try it out but wouldn't put money down before it proves it could be more stable.
got the premium subscription and no buffering or adverts is awesome
i live this app, i use to use pandora and there were ads for spotify and this is 100_ better than pandora , but it jeeps downloading pictures to my phone _ its wierd
spotify is amazing...usually. i can afford to pay the subscription every month but the free version is so irritating. i just want to listen to my music. i don't want all the ads, i want my music to be plagued offline and suggested tracks are about to kill me..if there was an on_off switch for suggested tracks i will die of happiness
always love this app,  have premium love  the no ads for 10.00_mo
just started using the app, but so far i really like it and i'm planning on getting a subscription. others complaints of buffering i think have more to do with their internet service and not spotify. as far as ads go....buy a subscription if you don't like them.
won't ever play music. constantly bombards me with ads. deleted.
it takes to long to listen to your music because of their ads
way too much ads
been using spotify ever since they started their service in the us. music selection is huge although there are big name artists that are not in spotify. however you can always download songs that are not available in spotify and merge them with your spotify playlist. awesome app and service_ definitely recommend the premium service to enjoy the offline option and avoid those pesky advertisements.
the only drawbacks are the ads _which is such an annoying distraction _ especially when they play three in a row_ and the fact that you're only able to shuffle on other devices. apart from that, really good.
on premium it's pretty awesome. make sure you like radio songs and then you can play them only.  with premium unlimited skips, and play album songs in order, no ads. free through coke rewards for 450 points. without premium ads, not unlimited skips and everything is shuffled, but your liked songs would be shuffled those songs only.
i love it the ads not that bad
yall should do something about that ad ad with a man running...  it sounds.... wrong..  smh _. i almost got in trouble for it. not cool.
too many ads
i hate that there are so many ads and suggested songs that i dont want to listen to and i cant listen to my music unless i pay
but sometimes the ads freeze the app
i've made a play list of songs i like and doesn't allow me to choose a song from the play list it has to be a random one. however when the song from my play list chosen by the app ends it starts ads, when they finish it doesn't start another song from the play list but it plays a random song which i find very annoying. i've also tried it on pc in my ict lessons and i liked it more rather than on a phone.
great value for money if you subscribe and with the new advert system where muscle is ad free for 30 minutes after a ad is a great feature_
great value for money if you subscribe and with the new advert system where muscle is ad free for 30 minutes after a ad is a great feature_
works just would be cool if they could take out ads on free version
it's easy to use.  all my favorite albums.  unlimited play no ads.  heads up ppl... u don't want ads u have to pay.  u don't want to skip songs... u have to pay.
i really liked the way it functions n the way that it brings out my inner music lover so much,  but i absolutely hate the ads u guys placed there. one minute i'm listening to my favourite song in the next minute is the ad about fried chicken...
almost all my search return with a results. reccomended to use premium to avoid ads.
spotify premium is prolly the pinnacle of music streaming apps and there spoil you with all of their initiative deep features and bottomless library of music, when you're a premium member. when you're not a paying member, they hoe you by giving you an app that's straight dumpster juice, littered with ads _ functions at an 1_8 of what it's counterpart does. makes sense since it affords both  parties a happy equilibrium at a monthly rate of _10, _5 for students _see fine print_. well played spotify.
it'd great for music, highly suggest people get it, however the advertising for _1 for 3 months is off putting, and the actual _10 per month after that is very expensive. as your large teen audience, we already pay a phone plan on top of this, and at _120 a year  its hard to understand why i wouldn't just buy music.
fix it, it always freezes before the ad is going to be said, it wastes my time, please fix it_
so with the recent update you decide to interrupt actual songs with ads_ i'm switching to a different streaming service even after being premium user for months. unacceptable. bye bye spotify. and there's always soundcloud, too. _update_ you still interrupt songs with ads before they even get to finish. do something about it or you'll loose users, enough with forcing us to pay, if we want to, we will, like i've done before.
there is no 30 minutes of ad free music_ you've fallen into my trap_
i had to reinstall after the new update and the ads can be a hassle but other then that this works just fine
it keeps skipping songs randomly and plays ads during 30 min of _ad_free music._ please fix these and ill give 5 stars..
i love spotify. its easy to find the songs i like, very few ads. so i gotta say i'm pleased
i sometimes have trouble with actually watching the ad to get thirty minutes ad free, thus giving me another ad and a waste of a minute then thirty seconds.
ads get annoying.
i have no complaints_ all the music i want with the exception of ads is better than listening to a station of similar music with ads. video ads for 30 mins. of no ads is also a great idea_
why do you have premium_ why do you want people to pay _1.00 for no ads and you can go anywhere with the music_ i love it though.
like seriously spotify_ you force us to buy subscription so we can choose what we listen to_ i mean ads between tracks, online only and mid quality max isn't enough restricting for free users_ plus only 14 days of free trial _i'm talking the no credit card needed one_. this app needs a serious rework. and i'm not talking just the tablets, i'm talking phones.
like spotify and i use it a lot but these ads are something else...i cringe everytime i hear them
i've been reading online for the past few months that this new feature should be out soon, it's advertised on the website too, but nothing yet_ _ besides that, runs great.
after every ad, it locks up. after i thumbs up a song, it locks up. after every third song, it locks up. if i sneeze, it locks up. this app looks nice but i can't handle the amount of lockups. i am deleting it and going back to pandora.
spotify is my favorite music app. i can find any song, old to new, rap to pop to country. fewer ads than pandora, more skips than pandora, with premium you can skip as much as you like with no ads.
really cool i like no ads
i hate the ads they are super annoying. but i love everything else.
i have had his app a little over three months. you can get just about any song you would like. it has great quality and i enjoy not having to deal with ads all the time. the only thing i would change is sometimes it boots me off of being able to listen offline even though i pay for in every month. i have to delete the app and redownload it and the music i want. i think that is just my phone though  but other than that it is great.
i don't have major problems with this app _ their advertisements are specifically designed to be obnoxious.
i don't like the ads
wud be great without the ads
doesn't actually give me the 30 minuet  ad free music it says it will. sooo, where's my 30 minutes_
its just the ads
can't select the song you want. click one song and a different one plays. who could be bothered_ even though you cop the crappy ads.
legit free music _ i can deal with the ads. thanks spotify _
best music app... though lots of ads in between several songs... but would still rate 5 stars... _
the music is good but the premium ads, the fact that i can't install this app on my phone and not being able to listen to music without internet makes me sad.
too bad it isnt cheap _ its better to me just to buy the musics i want.._and yes_ the ads are annoying_
i like the fact that i can listen to any album i want with little ads.
my biggest problem with this is how often ads are brought up. i would also love it if there were a lot more of the beatles' music.
recommend but why does some of my music cut out a minute of the song before ads
in the middle of my jam, spotify starts ads to just end my jam. what a disappointment
when i make a playlist of classical songs so that i can better know my part in my orchestra, i don't want to listen to pop songs such as songs by calvin harris, bruno mars, or britney spears. there is a time and place for that. also, if i'm playing your deep sleep playlist don't play an ad with an alarm noise on it_ also, it would be nice if the number of skips was increases.
i liked it when you didn't try to stuff the premium service down our throats. ads were alright with free version but now the free version is so restricted
you should be able to pick and choose your music even without premium... idc bout the ads i just want to pick and choose without having to get premium
this app is okay, i can now listen to my music. one thing i have against it, though, is that whenever i try to skip a song, it loads the next song a bit too late into the current song. another one is the amount of ads that are on here. but otherwise, it's an okay app.
way too many ads the number of ads increased significantly
it gets a black screen on random although it happens mostly when i skip a song. not sure if it's tries to show ad but fails and it gets stuck on black screen
i'm tired of hearing the voice of that annoying announcer guy advertising 30 minutes of ad_free listening everytime i open the app up. and you say we'll only have to watch one video but there's always 2 or 3 extra ads we have to listen to as well. it's bullshit. and like eric haskin said, the shuffle is always predictable. it's always the same songs over and over again. give us some variety_
i'm tired of hearing the voice of that annoying announcer guy advertising 30 minutes of ad_free listening everytime i open the app up. and you say we'll only have to watch one video but there's always 2 or 3 extra ads we have to listen to as well. it's bullshit. and like eric haskin said, the shuffle is always predictable. it's always the same songs over and over again. give us some variety_
often the adverts start in the middle of a song, when they are over, the next song starts. other than that, it's great.
adverts are annoying but its still worth it
it keeps crashing and the only thing it plays are the adverts.... it wont open at all now, is there a bug_
it works as advertised on my android phone. i'd love to see support for android tv.
best music selection for only _10_month.  if they start putting ads in paid profiles do not pay for it_
i've just started playing with this app and i like it.  it has introduced me to artists i've never heard of before.  pandora only seemed to play popular artists in any given genre.  now that my free trial has ended, i can't listen to the songs i want or skip the ones i don't.  i could care less about the advertising.  that doesn't bother me.  just let me play the music i want to listen to_
is good but the advertisement is annoying.
the only thing that really annoys me is when it says _click here to get 3p minutes of ad_free music_, but there is nothing to click so you're stuck listening to ads. then it keeps playing the same 8 songs over and over again. so i have to keep using my skips to hear something new.
you have 30mins of no ads sponsors you should do the same with picking your music
ready for endless artists with user friendly interface and no limited actions free of ads every 10 seconds, well sorry but you're in the wrong place but here's spotify enjoy
i have been using spotify for years and it's always worked perfectly for me. the only issue i have is the 3333 songs downloaded per device issue. but then again, if i have 3333 songs i want downloaded i probably have too much already. highly suggest this app to others to use for their music. free with ads, 10_ monthly without ads and downloading music, 5_ monthly promotional occasionally for students  in college for 1 year.
ads and unavailable to listen offline
to be fair i understand that they need ads to earn revenue, but i mean they won't even allow you to choose from the songs you have saved if you are out of skips in a playlist you made.. that doesn't even make sense to me.
when i try to add a new radio it won't let me or if i try to open a radio that i don't use it won't load and says to try again another time. and sometimes when the ad for the video comes up there isn't a button to press for the video. also, when you want to put on a radio it takes you to like the artist page before that and have to press the radio button there, that's super annoying.
i enjoy the easy access of being able to use it on a lock screen.  i enjoy being able to skip song and not have any ad to listen to. it perfect for me. no problem or issues
why should i upgrade to listen ad free now_ earlier it was free, now can't listen without buying premium_ isn't that why ads are there so we can listen for free and advertisers pay for the spot_ y'all get one star now...
why should i upgrade to listen ad free now_ earlier it was free, now can't listen without buying premium_ isn't that why ads are there so we can listen for free and advertisers pay for the spot_ y'all get one star now...
the computer version is better. on the computer you can turn shuffle off, and then all you have to worry about is limited amount of skips and ads, which don't pop up that often. if you got rid of the force shuffle and you can actually chose what song you want to listen to at the time you want to listen to it, then i will give it 5 stars.
love this app, can listen to anything i want_ obviously it's a shame that the ads are so annoyingly long _ regular _ unlike youtube _ other apps where you can skip them altogether or after 5 seconds_ oh well, no such thing as a free lunch_
this is hands down my favorite music app. i'm ad us navy and use it daily at my shop while working on equipment. i have 2,500 songs on my phone and tablet for use any time, i love it. i share it with my wife_to_be, as well. 10 dollars is hard as hell to beat for the excellent product you get with spotify.
with such a range of music its so good to listen ad  free. best part is i'm sure i've come across some dudes mixtap
i loved this app at first but i get sooooo many ads now. and if i watch the video for _30 minutes of ad free listening_ it is more like 10 minutes and i get more ads. i would buy premium but _10 a month i'll find something better to spend it on.
i love listening to music but advertisements after every other song is annoying. the ads are the crappy music you hear over the radio and hearing that after a soft, piano piece makes me go to youtube and listen there. if there was a sensor for the ads to be related to what you're listening to, that would be amazing. also, _120 a year just to listen to music_ no thanks. a college person can't spend that much. if it where say _15_25 a year for a yearly subscription or _5 monthly then that would be great.
i love listening to music but advertisements after every other song is annoying. the ads are the crappy music you hear over the radio and hearing that after a soft, piano piece makes me go to youtube and listen there. if there was a sensor for the ads to be related to what you're listening to, that would be amazing. also, _120 a year just to listen to music_ no thanks. a college person can't spend that much. if it where say _15_25 a year for a yearly subscription or _5 monthly then that would be great.
the ads are annoying but when the music plays...  it all make it worth listening to.. great playlist also_
i get that you want people to pay for premium and i don't mind ads in general but your way to purposely annoy the user is not an incentive.
minus the ads its a great app loved it
this is the way to sell a product free if you don't mind the adverts and ad free for those willing to pay for the advantages of a full account.
this is the way to sell a product free if you don't mind the adverts and ad free for those willing to pay for the advantages of a full account.
it should be possible to control external devices with the free version. if i've paid for an av amp with built in spotify _sony srdn850_, then i should be able to use spotify on it with adverts, and not have to pay for it.
easy to use,variety of songs to choose,ads are abit annoying but still sweet.would recommend it to anyone.pure clean sound and much more_
i'm very disappointed in the app as of late. i know when you have the free version, ads are expected. but when you are promised ad free for 30 minutes, i should expect it. i have even went through times when i chose not to skip any songs to see if i would receive the whole 30 minutes, and would still have ads in between_ sometimes after 3 songs and i know the songs i listen to are not all 10 minutes long. i will be uninstalling, both on my phone and my pc. the pc version no longer works either.
i love this app, i can listen to all the music i want without ads.
it makes listening to music so easy, the ads can be a little annoying but i'm still giving this 5 stars
ads or not, the free service is a really great music streaming option and i've been loving it_
better than pandora plus no ads and pick the exact song with spotify premium_
when advertising they spend to much time doing thier own music  for example when they say the next thirty minutes r ad free thanks to the following sponsor it would b better if they just ran the add
when advertising they spend to much time doing thier own music  for example when they say the next thirty minutes r ad free thanks to the following sponsor it would b better if they just ran the add
love it_ even with the ads its still great.
its awesome_ _if only no ads without premium. if only._
but i hate the ads and i don't want premium
i like pandora and spotify and i switch between the 2 of them, but i like that spotify let's you play or choose music based on your mood, any mood_ _all the ads can get a bit tiresome but i can easily upgrade if i want_
so much music to choose from and with no adverts it's perfect_
have better ads that relate to everyone no just what the corporate. makes you choose make the exciting
i love that there are no ads, i can listen to music seamlessly, it plays in the background while i multitask on my phone, i can play my playlists offline and they have a great wide music selection with many new songs and high quality. 5 stars _
perfect for long distance trips if you can find cell reception. the only thing that sucks is that you have to pay for no ads, but still delivers for any song type you are into
so many ads _
when i try to add a new radio it won't let me or if i try to open a radio that i don't use it won't load and says to try again another time. and sometimes when the ad for the video comes up there isn't a button to press for the video. also, when you want to put on a radio it takes you to like the artist page before that and have to press the radio button there, that's annoying
the app is good, but the ads are very annoying. having ads it's ok, but the ads should be like the type of music that you hear. example_ if you are listening to megadeth, the ads should from other trash bands. not from katy perry or justin gayber_
i'm very disappointed in the app as of late. i know when you have the free version, ads are expected. but when you are promised ad free for 30 minutes, i should expect it. i have even went through times when i chose not to skip any songs to see if i would receive the whole 30 minutes, and would still have ads in between_ sometimes after 3 songs and i know the songs i listen to are not all 10 minutes long. i will be uninstalling, both on my phone and my pc. the pc version no longer works either.
the ad's are there however they don't get in the way of the music.
good quality easy to use ads not bothersome
premium is where it's at, especially for students. the 10 dollars a month _4.99 for students_ is completely worth it for all that advertisement_free music.
ads volume is twice as loud as the music. it is okay to sell ads but it feels more like spamming rather than adding value to the consumer.
this is so much better than pandora in my opinion_ there are less ads and more music_ like how it should be_
my only complaint is the ads, but i don't really mind waiting through them
everything's fine. it just that i already end my premium subscription and back to spotify free. it is the worst moment ever to hear those ads, shuffle all songs... ugh.
the app itself is good, the ads don't really bother me, it's free and has good sound quality. but i've heard that the artists only get _0.007 per stream, just putting that out there.
never before have i had a _premium_ service shoved down my throat so maliciously. i understand ads, but who  only advertises their own product on that same product_ we know what spotify premium is we're on spotify and now not only that but you can't even listen to the music you want to on a music service, you have to listen to a whole playlist or album to hear one song. not only all of the above but the update will now only say i'm offline when i'm clearly on a wifi connection. thanks for being the worst.
never before have i had a _premium_ service shoved down my throat so maliciously. i understand ads, but who  only advertises their own product on that same product_ we know what spotify premium is we're on spotify and now not only that but you can't even listen to the music you want to on a music service, you have to listen to a whole playlist or album to hear one song. not only all of the above but the update will now only say i'm offline when i'm clearly on a wifi connection. thanks for being the worst.
i love this app doesn't use much data_wifi and i can listen to music on the go without ads _
the ads are annoying obviously, but definitely worth downloading.
going to have to bite the bullet and pay damn adverts. works well for what i use it for
ads suck.great app
why do i get suggested songs when i play a playlist. the songs in the playlist are ones i wanted to hear at that moment, id prefere there be no suggested. also the amount of ads is unreal
love that i can make playlists, no advertisments, easy to find music, can download for long road trips where reception might wane. my only grip is that i feel the randomize feature favors some songs over others, but its not a significant issue.
the fact that i can listen to my favorite artists with little ads is great
only ads are premium, and free music_ your choice to get premium...
i love it so much _ their sound is clear but after it there is an ads so i will give 3 stars
love it but i hate the ads
spotify used to be the bomb into they got so many ads and now i can't even listen to music without an ad showing up and then telling me to buy spotify premium
i'm very disappointed in the app as of late. i know when you have the free version, ads are expected. but when you are promised ad free for 30 minutes, i should expect it. i have even went through times when i chose not to skip any songs to see if i would receive the whole 30 minutes, and would still have ads in between_ sometimes after 3 songs and i know the songs i listen to are not all 10 minutes long. i will be uninstalling.
really cool i like no ads
works flawlessly. reasonable price or go with the free version if you don't mind ads. my husband and i share the family plan. huge selection of songs. works well on desktop or phone.
too many ads not enough music and you can't replay a song if you wanted to
at some point i hope advertisement execs finally figure out that bombarding intelligent, college educated individuals with ads only brings about forced animosity and a decided boycott. if i don't need a circular saw, guess what_ i'm not buying one. there is a home depot 1_16 of a mile from where i live.  guess what_ i still haven't been there in 4 months. surprise_
at some point i hope advertisement execs finally figure out that bombarding intelligent, college educated individuals with ads only brings about forced animosity and a decided boycott. if i don't need a circular saw, guess what_ i'm not buying one. there is a home depot 1_16 of a mile from where i live.  guess what_ i still haven't been there in 4 months. surprise_
it says watch this video for 30 of ad free music but when i go to press it i cant so i have to wait 30 seconds and watch a ad and when im listening to music and go back to the app it says im still watching an ad so i cant listen to any music fix this
i always use it for jogging and or when i just what to sit down and listen to music, it barly has any advertisement.
ads can be a bit of a pain but it does give you free music of your choice.
i do use this app daily, i just wish it could go longer without ads. they also took off the majority of the music from my friends old band, and he doesn't know why. thats lame, but those are my only complaints.
spotify is the ultimate music app, like it or not that is the truth. amazing quality music on demand and great customer service. sure, the ads between songs will be annoying at first, however, you will easily get used them and that's the reason why i love spotify_ music on demand and adverts only on rare occasions.
spotify is the ultimate music app, like it or not that is the truth. amazing quality music on demand and great customer service. sure, the ads between songs will be annoying at first, however, you will easily get used them and that's the reason why i love spotify_ music on demand and adverts only on rare occasions.
those ads are really long like i had 10 ads in a row and they were all like 2 minutes , i love the app it's just stop recommending songs to me i love the ones i saved , thank you .
go premium for no ads, im a college student so its 5_. i wish they would let us change the theme color of the app that'd be awesome_
i listen to what i want without all those ads..love it_
every time i click on a new playlist to listen to, an ad comes on but it freezes and won't let me listen to music so then i have to delete for a while. please fix this_
maybe you could make the ads less noisier. coz when i listen to relaxing music and then all of a sudden your ads just freakin blasts out my ear.
spotify is great but you have to buy a premium app to actually have no ads and to listen to music offline. in conclusion spotify needs to have premium to have music offline and to listen with no ads.
kinda annoyin with the ads bur still really good
amazing tbh you can do loads of stuff and the ads dont pop much as often
it's great. i love this app_ 5x better than pandora. rated 4 star because of ads. but i love the option to have 30 minutes of ad free music_
but i don't understand why the ads are so long now
its good and stuff but the problem isnthat u have to pay just to get a free 30 day no ads
false advertising, does not play songs without premium yet 60 day _free_ trial, total scam on a big scale though antivirus will not tell you this is a complete waste of time and money, definitely reporting.
_the next 30 minutes are ad free thanks to the following advertisement_ 5 minutes later, another ad pops up. also i can understand the pay_to_listen thing but the limitations for the free version is just unfair. this free mobile version is only a good use for keeping track of the pc version of spotify to see your songs instead of listening to them. gg on the pc version by the way, atleast spotify isn't total crap on all devices.
_the next 30 minutes are ad free thanks to the following advertisement_ 5 minutes later, another ad pops up. also i can understand the pay_to_listen thing but the limitations for the free version is just unfair. this free mobile version is only a good use for keeping track of the pc version of spotify to see your songs instead of listening to them. gg on the pc version by the way, atleast spotify isn't total crap on all devices.
not that many ads lately
i really hate this app. i try to listen one single track and this horrendous player makes me listen the whole album in his order bombarding me with the payment ad. awful app... don't let the user listen what he wants...
i have no idea what's the point of this when it won't even load and the if luckily it does load then the ads are so annoying i find this useless unnecessary and very poor quality
the ads have been fixed.  but now the app shuts down....when off screen....
it did however, take a day or two to learn the app. i used the app during the ad free trial and i jumped on the monthly _10 for ad free and skip any song and more freedom to play anysong. i wished i had this app long time ago.
have enjoyed android app for yrs _ recommend everyone give it a try. i don't mind ads since it's free _ has so much great music _ utility. complaints_ doesn't have all the music i like_ no descrip of updates_ random stop play_ song skip_ not finishing before going to next_ random search fail _ continues to for long periods of time, sometimes until log out _ back in_ lots of lag during use of functions. most issues only began several months ago w_ no resolution after updates. reasons for 3_ for otherwise 5_
it's okay. i mean it's good for blasting sounds at events but does after every song a ad needs to came on .
quite possible the best free music app on the market. with a huge collection of artists, the ability to listen to whole albums and a low fee for listening advertisement free you can't go wrong.
really needs to lay off the premium ads.
really good_ thousands of songs to choose from, all free_ very user friendly. seriously i knew nothing about spotify but in about 3 minutes i figured out how to make an account, and i had added 20_ songs to my playlist. yeah, the ads are slightly annoying but they don't come as often as other apps and premium users don't have to worry about that. the best part, your playlist can play music even if you're not in the app. 5 stars.
i don't know why but this is the first time ever installing this and uninstalled it right away because i tried logging in with facebook and it said i already made an account with this email. did the forgot password process and then try logging in 10 times with my email and password and says its wrong. fix your system assholes. the ratings on this app are false advertising.
went out for a run yesterday and the running tracks really got me pumped_ i always have a hard time looking for well paced music to run to, so i love that these tracks are ready to go without ad interruptions. awesome_
i like because all my favourite music is on there but i do find the ads on there anoying
please change your privacy policy.  i want service with advertising. i don't want my private data collected.
stop moaning about ads and pay the small price per month_ it's hands down the best music app available. seamless control across my phone, tablet and laptop. bravo developers.
this is soooo good its way better than any music app out there.but one thing i dont like is the ads
theres no ads.. and it cool_
free, smooth and stable. what's new is consistently updated, which is nice. i don't mind listening to longer ads for more 30 mins ads_free listening_
ads are getting out of control, sometimes i spend minutes listening to them....
honestly the worst thing i've ever downloaded and the ads are so fricking dumb dont download
trying for first time. so far i love it. such a variety which is great. free version so ads every so often, but hey it's free_
it says thirty minutes of ad free listening more like 10 minutes then an ad repeats this cycle too much please fix then ill rate 5 stars happily. thank you.
make your own playlists and listen to them for free with ads in the format of american radio _ads every 30 minutes or so_. you can only listen to shuffle on mobile but with the computer version you can do it individually. if you have t_mobile it's even better because you get free 4glte data for music.
great but to many ads
not bad. ads though
was excellent for music but too many ads.
really this is ten dollars per month while netflix is 8... what's wrong with this picture. premium is great but wayyyyyy overpriced. having a free a count is worthless because you can only shuffle play. might as well use pandora where the ads aren't as frequent. i would not recommend this to anyone just looking for to use it for free.
works well but you have to pay to be ad free.
plzzzzz can you tk off the black background its so dark n depressing white would be better_ 2nd message, can you guys plz kill the ads there's way to many_ and plz create a different background the black is so depressing
issues include freezing after playing first ad sporadically, playing the same song multiple times in a row or so frequently its annoying, randomly stops playing music at times. the number of artists and pure volume of quality music makes this app a must have despite some technical issues.
normally i have to say i do not like paying for apps but this one is worth it just to get rid of the ad's and it also really good for exploring new music
it works just fine, but it doesn't have anywhere near as many features as the website and is absolutely filled with ads. it's all right if you're fine with listening to every single song that comes up out of fear of running out of skips and suffering through the ads that come in three at a time, though
the free version has plenty of ads and is still pretty limited
only two problems. when i'm listening to music the ad pops up for thirty minutes free i watch it but like ten minutes later the ad for thirty minutes comes up again_ also i watch the thirty minutes ad but i still get adds.thanks for free spotlight. and stop putting adds for premium please_
why the hell did it changed so much_ i was enjoying the free version even with the 30 seconds ads but now i can't even play a single music i literally have to press shuffle in order to listen to just one song on an album. please fix this. this is just way too much. it's starting to become a exclusively premium app than a free one unlike before.
i love everything but ads but they are only 30 seconds so it's fine. one really cool thing they could add though is an alarm clock. that would be nice
when the choice for thirty minutes with no ads show up, it asks me to click on a button. but there is no button. i know where the button usually is. since the latest update there is no button.
i don't like that it has an ad
it provides a good service. the ads aren't horrible on free mode, and if they bug you, it doesn't cost that much to upgrade. and being able to listen offline is really nice for listening away from home without using up all your data.
adverts do my head in and the offline playlist is very nice _ had most of the artists you can imagine
i do not recommend this if you are not a patient person. unless you pay you can not skip after 7 days. i wanna listen to my playlists but they give me unwanted songs instead. also i want them to fix a little problem... the app sometimes says i am offline when i am not so they should fix that. also i do not like the ads and then i ran out of skips. _ otherwise i like this app. _d
plenty of music and ads arent bad if youre listening for free _
ads get kind of annoying but its free so i tolerate it.
too much advertisement
i use it everyday and in fact i'm using it right now...i found new and more alternative_indie music and spotify is just the best_ the ads are kinda annoying but i got use to it. use it okay_ i'm done with my recommendation.
i hate it too many ads _
i love spotify its really great. but as always there is a catch. why cant i listen to whatever song or artist for free. no charge. why do i have to upgrade and pay just to listen to music. why cant i listen to it for free. i can but...i cant play the songs i want at that time. and i have limited skips. and sometimes it repeats the same song over. the ads are fine, i dont mind those but can i  listen to any song whenever for free. with no skips just all me. i hope that makes sense. please do something
i can't get the thirty minutes of ad free music by watching the video on my android. it simply won't let me click on it to accept
love this app, just the adverts get a bit annoying, if u don't have premium, overall fab
i accidentally clicked the free trial ad and so my account is on it. have a warning pop_up so it won't go right away on what the ad is offering after one click. it's not good. thanks_
ever since the update, after every song, there's an ad and honestly, it's really annoying. is there a way to fix this without going premium_
this app is really good but every time it says _the next 30 minutes are ad free thanks to the following sponsor_ the app crashes _ it's really annoying
this app is the best of the best_ yes, you have to pay for premium which is no ads and no wifi needed, but the ads barely pop up and if you start to play a song and there is wifi, you can repeat it_ and there is pretty much every song you can ever think of_ and it introduces you to new music that is totally free and super great_ you can search song that you know and love, you can browse music, you can create a radio_ this is just the best of the best and i don't know why anyone would rate it under 5 stars_
premium is the best, can have music offline or online, no ads. definitely worth the payment every month. i get to listen to music i wouldn't normally listen to. great service
good music, ads aren't too bad
used to love but it keeps skipping the songs randomly at different intervals through the song, it will play nd skip in 3 seconds, over and over again until it comes to an ad then it will play the ad. and when i listen to an ad for 30 mins of ad free music, the ads start again after 7 mins... also, why do i now have to pay to skip songs or to pick a song from a list of music that was obtained while i had a premium student account_ if i paid for it already i should be able to listen to it as much as i want.
yes there are ads but i can listen to any song i want and not have to play other songs to get to that one line other music apps are . i love spotify
would be better less ads but still love the app
i use spotify on my computer as well as on my phone. for phone use the paid version is worth it. no ads and i can download my playlists for offline listening.
loveeeee this app, just don't like the ads but that's to be expected_
couldn't find a few things, but does great and no ad interruptions
maybe make the ads shorter if it's a possibility. i don't need three minutes of ads every few songs because i didn't watch the 30 second video.
even with the ads i'm grateful to have spotify to equip my days and nights with the wondrous sounds it provides
it offers to give 30 minutes of ad free music if you watch a small advertisment but it is only 15 minutes. i was actually sad enough to time it.
it offers to give 30 minutes of ad free music if you watch a small advertisment but it is only 15 minutes. i was actually sad enough to time it.
at random times it crashed or when it says if you click here for a break of the ads it won't let me watch the video but other than that
very nice on android platform, however on roku i found that you need to have premium to use, that was a disappointing thing. pandora and slacker allow on roku for free just like on all the platforms they are on. while it may not seem like much money it adds up with all the other things that ask for fees. please reconsider and put ads on roku so it is free.
i just wish i could fast forward more and no ads.
even though it has those annoying ads _3 of them_ i love the new features that allows you to control the spotify on your desktop computer, on your phone.
but maybe a little less ads would be nice
all together great app ui is great and the ads aren't that bad it's just that you have to shuffle an album that is bad
even with choosing to watch the _30 minute_ ad's, i get advertising about every third song. and the ad's crash the app all the time. right now i'm waiting for an ad to play and it's been 20 minutes. time to reinstall.
even with choosing to watch the _30 minute_ ad's, i get advertising about every third song. and the ad's crash the app all the time. right now i'm waiting for an ad to play and it's been 20 minutes. time to reinstall.
it's absolutely a blast with premium but if you don't have it then its still good but all the stupid and annoying ads really bothered me. i'm a student so the deal for premium was a no brainer.
repetitive ads
very upset with this app now_ purchased an upgrade, but still on spotify free_ did everything i was told to do with help service, but no change. still getting ads.
great music even with the ad's. almost anything and everything is on here. i literally recommend it to everyone.
down side adverts but managed to get a great selection if music_
all the music i want at my finger tips. ads aren't even that bad but you also have the option to pay a small amount to not have ads all month. its great for music lovers.
high quality and some advertisement even with the free profile.
i just don't like the allways shufle it would be great if there would only be ads and remove the _allways shulfe_
undoubtedly, the perfect application for the home and office. while it is true that tire ads, is how to pay for the premium service, so i see it. meeting great, too, the fact that they are considering new talents, not only to established artists.
this is so frustrating_ the app keeps crashing, usually after an ad it will stop playing any music at all and won't let me put on different music. have to keep uninstalling it and reinstalling it to get it to work. starting to look for new options.
it's good whatever i type i listen to it but pls remove the suggested songs it disturbs but the ads it's ok ty for all
because i have no premium, the song cuts off halfway the song to the ads and it sorta annoys me sometimes...
some people fail to understand that music doesnt grow on trees, there is an artist out there who has to make the music, and it also costs money to buy their music. spotify does a good job of allowing listeners to listen to their favorite music at an affordable price as well as delivering money to the artists. if youre mad that you have to listen to ads and cant always choose the song you want to listen to then this app is clearly not for you_ remember that pirating is stealing_
i love it is good the only problem is the ads
only issue i've had is sometimes after getting the 30 minutes ad free thing i'll still ads but it doesn't happen everytime.
way better _ad wise_ than it used to be, ad content used to be annoying, now it's okay. playlists are also a plus.
this app let's me listen to songs from movies, tv shows, or just music from the tswift anyway i love and i think you should get it to but be ware of the ads sure it's a great app but a 1_ a mouth just to remove ads
it won't play my music i choose to hear and it plays it random songs and it doesn't play my playlist i want to listen too and the ads are annoying but sorry i will put five stars if you fix it so ads free and let us play our song no suggested song and i'm starting to hate spotify
here is my story. i was using this for a while, and loved it. the ads were short, it was great. then i got a new phone, and downloaded it again. i was faced with this recommend song feature, which i was forced to listen to. ok. new music is always good. until it started to force me to listen to profanity laden unedited eminen. that is a little innapropriate. so, four stars.
spot_on.  even with adverts it is just amazingly good. it's like having a big bother with an infinite record collection and he lets you use it.
don't mind the ads. can't complain... it's free
will only let you play your own music in random order. to hard to close app. to many ads. i'm not interested in paying a monthly subscription. i'm considering uninstalling. used to be a better app
i love spotlight free. also, premium is totally worth it.no ads.high quality.and you can download the songs so you can take them wherever. essentialy it becomes itunes except you have access to all the music you want.
it's great. i love it at work. pick what type of music i'm in the mood for and the pre made list works out just fine. thanks. and i don't mine the ads. some are very informational.
stupid app with advertisements. so confusing to use. just bad.
too. many. ads.
doesn't let you listen to what you want. i can download a radio app and it does the same thing with no ads.
everything i want from a music app, minimum ads and great selections.
very nice, the ads are mostly annoying but it is a smart way to  make people buy premium. needs more albums for some artists.
not very many online services that deliver what they advertise, but spotify delivers.  highly recommended and well worth the monthly subscription.
even with the free version,it is still one of the best music apps ever.  music plays flawlessly on any device with the app.  i love that i am able to create my own unique playlists and explore songs for free.  if you are worried about the ads, don't.  there aren't many and spotify gives you chances to get 30 minutes of ad free music like every 15 minutes.  and even if u don't take that chance, the ads are super short   overall, spotify is awesome. highly recommended
so much music it's great is what i said 2 weeks ago now it won't let me pay for premium and i don't want to listen to ads when i'm running and yes i followed all the steps on the site and it didn't fix anything
have paid to upgrade to premium _a massive _9 month_ but the app won't upgrade to premium on my htc phone. so even though i've paid for premium, i only get the bog standard free service. therefore i still get all the ads, i can't select individual songs etc....not impressed. fictitious. you have complete freedom over song choice on your phone.
great music _ streaming quality,  all for a small video ad every 30 minutes.
i love using spotify. day or night, my account is almost always running. word of advice however_ don't play ads for horror films late at night, please_
about two years ago i started my account and saved over 8000 songs. i lost internet access for about a year and thought all my music would be gone...but to my surprise everything is still there. i used to have premium but at this time i'm ok with some ads. i just go to my song list and shuffle play. never know what's next. if i have a desire to hear a band specifically i go to artists and select. no problem..    thanks spotify.
i recently discontinued my spotify premium account after many great months and returned to spotify free to save some money. after i did so i noticed there are alot more ads than i remember and sometimes back to back. with this many ads i think we should at least get the option to select a song once and a while. other than that great app_
its not actually working as it supposed to..because i just purchased premiuma and then its still have advertisements and it said it cant be listened offline or its said _you must upgrade it to offline..pls do your best to fix all of our problems..spotify ltd.
want no ads for free
its a really good way to listen only the music of your favorite artist. but my only complaint is that there is to much ads and you can't go back to a song if your not premium.  but other than that, love it, will recommend it.
in the 21st century, unless you pirate music everyday, this is the soulution. no ads if you pay the membership, _8_mo gets you just about every artist and song imaginable. avoid youtube and pandora, go witb spotify
plays good songs and love the 30min ad free. _
still_ why do i get 5 crappy suggested songs in a row_ give me the ability to turn off suggestions.  new_ crashes after every ad.  plus fix the shuffle how is it possible i hear some songs and albums over and over and never hear others in an 1800 song playlist_
ads are too annoying
i enjoy the premium version, but the free version sucks there is 1minute of ads per song.
the ads r awful. but worth it
the app in itself is fine but sooo many ads.
same ad about not having ads every time ....
i used to be able to pick what song i wanted to listen to and have infinite skips_  but now i only have 6 skips and hit the shuffle button hoping i get the song i want to listen to. please make nonpremium spotify the way it used to be_  also i don't have a problem with ads, but the only ads ever are spotify premium ads_  isn't the point of ads to get money from free users_  how do you get money by advertising yourself_  other than that i really enjoy spotify, just get rid of the stupid stuff_ please...
i used to be able to pick what song i wanted to listen to and have infinite skips_  but now i only have 6 skips and hit the shuffle button hoping i get the song i want to listen to. please make nonpremium spotify the way it used to be_  also i don't have a problem with ads, but the only ads ever are spotify premium ads_  isn't the point of ads to get money from free users_  how do you get money by advertising yourself_  other than that i really enjoy spotify, just get rid of the stupid stuff_ please...
easy to use, pretty wide selection of music. the only problem i've noticed is sometimes ads will come on and freeze up the app, but if i close out and click back in, it usually solves itself.
a great variety of music and it is really nice.  not many ads
i love spotify premium not the basic spotify with all the ads _
i just hate all the ads it plays if you don't have premium. pretty nifty if exercising though
i was able to find all of my favorite songs and make my playlists, for free. there are ads, but the ads are hardly ever played. fantastic app.
i love it, even with the ads. the ads are spread out enough that the music isn't disrupted too often. lots of music selection.
perfect when you buy premium no annoying ads
i get a ad that says i can aetna month for 99 cents and when i tap the add it asking for. _9.99 just for a month to get ride of advertisement im not paying _10 just to get rid of advertisement please figure somthin else out or lower the monthly payment i've had spotify for a year and i love it but i don't wanna have to pay _10 a month ..........thank you
i get a ad that says i can aetna month for 99 cents and when i tap the add it asking for. _9.99 just for a month to get ride of advertisement im not paying _10 just to get rid of advertisement please figure somthin else out or lower the monthly payment i've had spotify for a year and i love it but i don't wanna have to pay _10 a month ..........thank you
love everything about it. i'm obsessed. the only thing i dnt like are to much advertising.
a lot to pay for no ads otherwise great.
spotify is awesome, it's so easy to find the songs you want and i love being able to create playlists. number of ads is pretty reasonable considering the app is free. definitely 5 stars_
i have no complaints about this app. i don't care about the ads because they don't bother me, only 30 seconds. i love it_
its worth it but sometimes i miss those ad voices lol_
chill wit the ads
it's great as i'm sitting in study hall, i'm happy i've been getting less ads of late, also great when doing homework
i would give it zero because it always plays random songs and also has ads
i like how they give you 30 mins of no ads so i barley ever have adds, and they have so many deals for premium_ better than pandora and itunes any day.
all the music you want, not a lot of ads, low premium fee. keep it up_
really good playlists, very reliable and very few ads. best music app period.
i like it but advertising is a pain
i just wish they did not have so many advertisements _
the ads are a small price to pay for unlimited free music. it has everything i love and even stuff that i might love later.
fantastic_ app only 4 stars as it doesn't have all the music i've looked for but it does have 80_ of it and it doesn't have many audio books which i would like more of, but overall a fantastic_ app that i listen to 8 hours a day at work plus 1.5 hours on the way home so it has to be a good app to keep me listening, oh it's the premium account i have as the restrictions and adverts with the free account are very annoying_
only bad thing are ads if you don't have premium i use it a lot on my ps4 other that that 9_10
seriously...spotify premium is the best thing that ever happened. i am able to listen to any music i want, create playlists, and discover new music like never before. the offline and ad free feature is a plus.  puts pandora to shame.
my music when i want, no ads and fantastic music selection, haven't come across a song i couldn't find
it freezes after the ads.
too many ads in a row
i hate this app, i prayed for premium, and i didn't receive the benefits that it advertise, and the charged me for it, i went to contact their customer support and they sent me to a website, this app is rude, and it's a hassel getting in touch with and representative_ i hate it
whether you want to listen to a full album, multiple albums, one artist or multiple similar artist spotify offers it all. even without premium, it is a great app with few ads. great variety in playlist. this app has great deals, for example i just upgraded to premium and i get three months for only 99 cents_ again this is a great app, i have not had any problems with it and it's been about a year since i started using it.
i would give 5 stars but it takes up so much space now, and when an ad comes up, 3_4 more ads follow. before it used to be 1_2 thirty second ads. why so many now_
the best way to listen to music, at least for me. easy to use, and could you believe it_ more music than advertisements_
it works just fine, but it doesn't have anywhere near as many features as the website and is absolutely filled with ads. it's all right if you're fine with listening to every single song that comes up out of fear of running out of skips and suffering through the ads that come in three at a time, though
i use spotify premium _can't have ads in the middle of a multi part_movement piece_.i've used several different streaming services and this has the widest selection of classical music out there. there are a few excellent and well known recordings that i haven't found yet but that doesn't mean they're not lurking in the database somewhere. that's actually my only gripe. i've found that simply searching for a composer and conductor_performer only gets you so far.
the app is good except when you can't turn it off. but don't tell me the next 30 minutes are ad free from a sponsor or for watching a video and then play another ad in 10 minutes. it's getting old.
plays ads and every song except the one you want.  it will only shuffle not play the chosen song.
oh you didnt pay for premium heres a bunch of horrible songs that you would.  oh you want to listen to your music_ screw you pay for premium _plays ad after every _recommended_  song_. just download mp3s.
give u 4 star no download on your phone i see the download but where the music at_ it be great be downloaded full albums str8 to your ad card.
don't offer spotify premium for 99 cents for 3 months if you're going to try to charge the full amount when i click the ad
although i currently don't have a premium account it works great, the ads aren't that bad. all in all i get great music recommendations.
i very like this app but hate when you need to paid for it. why you doesn't make anything free advertisement in your app when they had reached their limits and download it to get extra time _
for the most part a great app. don't know why when they offer the chance to get 30 minutes ad free instead of watching the ad the program crashes and i have to restart my phone.
at least change or remove the ad wherein a guy is exercising or running. seriously, we all know the subtext behind it. but tbh it is not appropriate in more ways than one.
i hate to complain about free but the app crashes often after advertisements. just reinstalling seems to fix it but it takes a bit and is a vex
i literally cant use this app for its sole purpose because of the ads not playing and me not being able to listen to any music. you truly can only get the best out of the app by paying for it monthly. two thumbs down
great so far but the ads don't play after the _your music will be as free after this ad thanks to this sponsor_ or something so music doesn't play after all. pretty annoying... but still good.
can't download music for free can't listen without ads unless you buy the premium
i had to recently cancel premium because i've been going through financial problems, and i have to say the ads are horrendous. is it possible to make it so ads are based on what kind of music you listen to, because miley cyrus ads while listening to rock and metal music is just god awful. really my only complaint, bet seriously. this is rediculous.
way to many ads. calm down.
ads so short barley even have them_
way too many ads now
i love spotify, but since we can't choose our own songs on here, they should at least have no ads.
wth is with ur new ad_ u just made an ad where it sounds like a guy fapping to himself_ even if you don't 'intentionally' did but come on we all know the subtext behind it.  so you'll put your users_customers to shame just to buy your premium_ not a nice move spotify. oh yea. just so u know_ there are childrens who're using this app. i hope u're aware. t.t
the 30 minutes ad free music  ads won't load and i can't play music because the ads didn't play. i have to shut it down completely and restart every time
now, half the time, your ads which can't even tell time right, saying i have half an hour free yet you only give me three songs at 3_4 minutes, meaning only 10_12 minutes, don't play and leave me unable to listen to music.
pro version has awesome sound quality. _ update _ unfortunately, due to the unbeleivable liberty they just tried to take with our personal data and photos, plus the threat of advertising on subscription, they can stuff their app. cancelling subscription. will see what revised conditions amount to.
the ads playing in between songs has no actual relevance to the genre of what i am listening to and actually kill the vibe of the good playlists. yes, i know ads can be stopped with premium. i guess this is a way of shoving new music down the throats of listeners if they would not pay.
do you really think we are this stupid_ since when do you need access to my personal photos for _advertising_ reasons_  and you need to see my contacts list for similar reasons_ and track my location_ and track my voice commands_ and track my searches_ i'm not paranoid but this is crossing a line i won't allow and you shouldn't either. i deleted flashlight apps for lesser offenses. talk about intrusion of privacy. sorry but your service is not worth that.
i never had trouble with spotify before. now when the ad is about to play so i can actually listen to the playlist, no ad comes on. this leaves me just sitting at a black screen_ needs an update asap_
all around good except for the amount of ads...
and now i keep gettin ads...dont install it
would not play. showed a bar for premium ad free service everyone i tried to play a song then went to a black screen. no music. uninstalled.
i have loved spotify because it was easy to use and not that much ads and to make your own playlist now it's  just a pile of ads...from when i play ads... 5 minutes ads it's getting out of hand
ads won't play so i can't use the app.
i'm loving the spotify app so far. the only thing i wish for the free version is that we get unlimited skips. i really don't mind the ads, it's like listening to the radio. _
i love how you can make playlists and how easy it is to listen to artists and albums. i dont like how many ads there, and how the radios tend to play some of the same songs repeatly.
i likes it but i dont like all the ads so i just gave it a four and downloaded it
i'll be in the middle of a song and then all of a sudden it stops and i have to either re_listen to the song or i have to skip it, which means i have to watch two ads even though i was guaranteed a half hour of no ads.
adverts and video adverts every 10 minutes
i once had pandora but pandora had too many ads. then i went to iheartradio and there you had to constantly type in artists just to hear their music, but here at spotify for a low rate each month i can skip doing both and get back to what i love doing the most... listening to quality music hassle free.
when i start playing it comes up with an ad and won't play so i have to close the app and reopen it
this has been garbage recently, it randomly stops playing and also say the whole 30 sec ad thing, and then freezes
i like it and i don't mind the ads but you can't even choose what song you want without paying for premium. there's also some songs they don't have.
whenever ads try to come up they freeze in a black screen.
this new version gives me a big ad saying i'll get 30 minutes of ad free music, but then i play 3 songs then an ad pops up. plz fix
i have no choice but to accept to give all kinds of crazy new information to...  anyone spotify deems ok and ad policies that disable spotify permanently unless i reinstall _sometimes i am in the middle of something and have to turn spotify off,  even if it's in the middle of an ad_  not a vendor eat hing ads later works,  only a reinstall.  no thanks,  i'll take my business elsewhere.
i love spotify, i have the free version on my iphone 5c as well as ipod touch, but on my tablet it is the best. the whole point of a playlist is that you can listen to certain music that you want. on android you can do that without any unwanted songs and ads. it suggests songs on apple ipod and iphone, and plays random music when listening to playlists. i love it on samsung  tablet. thanks spotify_
changes of your privacy policies has made me write this review again, changing your rating from 4.5 to 1 since we can't give 0 stars. you do not need my contact info, pictures, or videos on my device. i write this before deleting your app from my phones and computers, to make sure it posts. nice service, but terrible way of doing business guys.  also, your ads. listen to this 30 second video for 30 mins of ad free music_ haha. no. more like 2 minute ads for 10 mins of music. good bye spotify_  hello rdio_
way too aggressive with the ads
way too aggressive with the ads
i liked the system don't like nee terms and conditions plus rhapsody is free no ads unlimited sorry but i'm good 10_month in a year i can save now
small ads interrupt, but so swag with premium. _
can't even choose what song i want to play, have to shuffle them all.  why would i pay _10_month when the web player is free with no ads thanks to ad block_  no point in even using spotify.
stop adding non_music features_ i'm a paid user and today i got no notice of your policy changes that collect my phone information for ads that i pay not to get_ i'm backdating your software and will never update again and if you continue this nonsense instead of paying musicians what they deserve i'm signing up for another service_
given out customer's personal information for advertisers not ok. it should be up to me to give out my personal information not you guys. and then to follow me around on gps to know where i'm at that's not your business
no chinese ads on users who have never listened to a chinese ad. they annoy non_ chinese speakers, but get you 1 star ratings. it's a lose_lose situation. remove them from english songs.
i'd gladly accept reduced services and less accurate advertising to regain some of the lost privacy. there's no good reason for the most intrusive permissions. unacceptable.
great app, great variety of music, and minimal ads... why does a music player need to see my photos, my contacts, or where i go... no thank you...  uninstalled after new privacy changes...
too many adverts for the free version.
it's just stupid how many things you cannot do with free mobile app. i understand ads and low audio quality, but no ability to select a song_
app has changed crap load of ads with little playing time. spotify turned to pandora.
you can find any of the songs you like and save them. you can also buy spotify premium for 9.99_ no interrupting ads, and you don't need wifi_ definitely recommend this app if you listen to music on a daily basis_
this app is great , now it makes ads everytime you change the song . the ads dont even play most of the time and i have to reset my phone and the app to make the music play . fix this please _ ..
this stupid 30 min free of ads is bs. i click watch now for the short video and it never loads and i end up having to uninstall the app and re install just to get it to work. make the feature work or shut it off all together_
the ads make the app crash on my phone. _droid mini
almost every time it says i'll have 30 minutes of ad free music, about two songs later it'll start playing ads again. ridiculous.
so many repeat songs now. i've heard the same song 3 times in the last 15 minutes. ads every time you touch the screen now are annoying too.
it was going ok until it crashed and it got stuck on an ad and wouldn't let me play a song unless i got the premium version
the mobile and pc app were working fine about a year ago but now it's acting really stupid. with the mobile app, every time it goes on commercial, the commercial doesn't play and leaves a blank screen. i can't switch to a different artist because according to the app, there is an ad playing. now with the pc, i can't listen to any of my songs. it just keeps buffering and leaves a completely blank screen where the music list is supposed to be. i've tried reinstalling both apps but nothing changes.
great app but to much ads and stop and crash when he play in background _
love it but the app keeps freezing whenever i hit the home button or turn off the screen while ads are playing
i love this but...i wish i was able to listen without ads and without wifi without paying for premium..._
can you guys stop making the ads 2 times louder than the music_ yeah that'd be great
on soundcloud you get minimal ads and all the paid features are free on soundcloud and there is no forced shuffleing on soundcloud
was great, but now you can barely do anything without upgrading to _premium._ aren't you getting enough money from the countless ads, spotify_
it used to work good and now it stops my music, crashes a lot, i have to keep restarting my phone in order for it to work.. i get no ads at all bc i pay for it but it crashes so much and it gets really annoying.
30 second ad freezes, won't play. uninstall and try something else.
app is fine until the ad pops up. then it locks up. very annoying _ does not make me want to invest money if the free version glitches.
i am finally glad someone found a way to make an app that allows me the freedom to store my stuff the way i want. and minimal ads. waiting for the paid version ad free. good job
this app is cool, but they are so many damn annoying advertisement_ better to get rid of that advertisment_
too much ads were popping up so i decided to switch and i made the right choice_ greatapp
only problem is that it has way to many ads
way too many and repeated advertising
asian language_ seriously_ may i have options to choose advertisements without asian language_ i have to take off my headphones or mute every time_ thanks_ tack_ _ danke_
app was awesome before these updates. updated and i experience crashes even more often than before and those ads about premium, jeez, 30 seconds of non_skipable ads. and once again, those crashes. sometimes even search buggs out.
i have been giving this app another chance,and i can't. the songs in my library just play the same 10 song over and over when i have 300_ songs. i get that i don't have a subscription but do the ads always have to pop up every goddamn 5 minutes_ and the worst part is the connection i can have the best connection but then it keeps stopping every second and it's annoying_
spotify is hands down, wayyy better than pandora. you can add songs to your music and just play your music instead of only choosing radios with songs you don't even know. the one thing pandora does better is less ads.
it won't play my music i choose to hear and it plays it random songs and it doesn't play my playlist i want to listen too and the ads are annoying but sorry i will put five stars if you fix it so ads free and let us play our song no suggested song ok bye
premium version is flawless but in the free one the ads freeze
wont let me log in with facebook and i still don't like the new color please change to red or back to the other green maybe cut down on ads
this app is very bad now. used to be great but i don't like it. _just watch this video to get 30 minutes of ad_free music_ nah. how about, _just watch this video to get 30_minute ads every 5 minutes._ . and when i delete a song from a playlist, it means i don't want to hear it when i play that playlist. it's called deleting stuff. pathetic.
like it, but every two songs has a ad and its supposed to have ads every 30 minutes
you know what type is music i like and listen to. why are you advertising something that i'll never listen to. marketing department is a fail.
keeps freezing up _ stops working during ads since most recent update.  please fix_
i used to love this app i had the free version and it was fine i didn't mind the adverts and i could listen to any song i want now i have uninstalled because i always have to play my playlist on shuffle and can only skip a few songs and i don't want to pay for this as i don't see it being worth it for the amount i listen to music
i would give it 5 stars but sometimes the ads pass and it says thanks for lightening and it wont play the song after the add fix that and the ill give it 5stars_
used to be my favorite app until it decided to have ads after like every few songs. and theres no 30 minute break anymore. i used to really like spotify and now theyr just trying to make me spend my money on premium
the advertisements don't play any video
when i play a song, it started to show an about watching the next ad and you'll get ad free for the next 30 minutes and then after that, it didn't show the add and just keeps silent idk.
so many ads and lack of functionality. you cannot even slide along the playing line_
fix your advertising. i've read everywhere online trying to look for help and alot of people are having this same issue with no solution.i cannot sync my local files on my computer to my spotify playlist. they will be added to the playlist but they cannot be played. they won't be downloaded offline. they just show up in grey with an icon telling me that it is a local file. am i not allowed to sync my local files to spotify_ i recommend spotify for music goers, just don't pay for premium services until fixed
if you're looking to listen to music, then this is it. no ads, small monthly fee, and unlimited songs. well, any song they have, but they have pretty much all contemporary music and lots of non_contemporary.
there is downloading apps for music i hate the ads but other than that it introducing to the best hit and everything
if you could give me advertisements based on what i listen too instead of all of what's popular i'd appreciate it.
music doesn't play anymore. when i pick a station it says _listen to this ad..._ then it just doesn't do anything. it stays a black screen and nothing plays.
so good no ads or laggynes
to many ads and i have too pay just to select if i want to shuffle or not can't listen to the song i want always have to shuffle in a playlist when i can listen too whatever i want by just selecting the song on souncloud i think 10_ a month just for this feature when it is free on souncloud is kind of ridiculous. the only special about paying is getting to use that app without internet
it's annoying when there's ads
used to play music just fine, now every time i go to play it has a pop up saying _upgrade to premium for ad free playing_ i'm not skipping tracks or anything, i just wanna play my dang music.
3 or 4 ads after every 2 songs is a bit excessive. not to mention how loud and annoying they are. if you're not putting money directly in their pocket, they try to pester and annoy you until you either give in and pay up or delete the app. greedy mo fuckas
when i go into my play list, it says i'll have 30 mins of ad free music and then it never plays an ad. the screen stays black. you guys need to fix that.
needs a lot of improvement_ but it's a good idea, see no need to _pirate_ songs anymore, though if that was the aim, it should be optimized as such, stop ruining the experience with ads, why not visual ads or something, the audial ads are a hell.
free music and i don't give a _ about a few adverts.
i use spotify lots like at dance,home,outside ect the ads can be annoying but i can get half an hour ad free. i do agree that the premium would be better it dose cost but it's ad free and has no wifi needed as normal free spotify needs wifi to play
there is a bug after the ads making the screen grey and it stays that way making it unusable. when you try to switch playlist you can't the never ending grey ad
hate the ads though
do you hate life_ have you ever had suicidal thoughts_ but you can't get enough of your favorite adds_ if you answered yes to any of these questions, then spotify is for you_ introducing spotify, aka, 30 minuets of adds for every 5 minuets of music. and yes, we know you're a busy person, that's why we added a pause function to our commercials so that you can pause your favorite ad while you get work done around the house. and you know what_ we have received millions of complaints about too much music
the ad is too long
i'm tired of hearing the voice of that annoying announcer guy advertising 30 minutes of ad_free listening everytime i open the app up. and you say we'll only have to watch one video but there's always 2 or 3 extra ads we have to listen to as well. it's bullshit. and like eric haskin said, the shuffle is always predictable. it's always the same songs over and over again. give us some variety_
i'm tired of hearing the voice of that annoying announcer guy advertising 30 minutes of ad_free listening everytime i open the app up. and you say we'll only have to watch one video but there's always 2 or 3 extra ads we have to listen to as well. it's bullshit. and like eric haskin said, the shuffle is always predictable. it's always the same songs over and over again. give us some variety_
i hate how you need _premium_ crap to listen to songs. i tried to listen to one song, and it sends me either to another song on the album, or a completly different song or ad, every time. why is it so expensive so listen to music_ im not going to pay monthly to listen to music i choose. i will pay monthly to keep my entire phone on_ thanks but no thanks.
before the update it was fine. now i can't even listen to my saved music. some kind of ad to go pro pops up and whenever i want to change music, the ad pops up and the music doesn't change. thanks for ruining everything.
spotify now inserts full songs in ads to promote artists and you can't skip it if you're a free user
great app but you don't need premium unless you want hq sound because you can just use adblock apps go block ads
it's annoying that i can't not use shuffle. i don't understand why that's needed. i want to listen to the songs i want to listen to...and the ads. this is why i stopped using pandora. premium is freaking stupid. why not just put it in the free version and make more people happy.
after every few songs it gives me 3_5 ads. it's supposed to give you one ad every half an hour.
now i hate how ads have more volume then the music and most of the time ads stops in the middle of the commercial and doesn't let me do anything. i can't listen my music anymore_ really bad_ it will be as bad as pandora really soon_ it crashes a lot over and over_ it's really bad_
omg, they make my ears bleed, every time i wanna listen to some songs, after the first song boom there's an ad, its only taken ten minutes to find more ads, this is hugely annoying
if you don't want to spend the _10 per month for premium, then get used to not being able to play what you want and after the ad finishes it comes up with a recommendation that's not even by the same artist that your desperately trying to listen to. i'm not bitter
stop bothering with the ads and the pro version
i logged in, chose a category, hit shuffle play. _the next 30 minutes are ad free thanks to our sponsor_. okay sure. i'm alright with ads...... nothing happens. its just a blank, black screen with only my notification bar at the topic. not only was it ad free thanks to their sponsor, it was also music free thanks to bad programming.
wish i could cast through my speakers. free version is constantly interrupting for advertising. way more than every 30 mins
play whatever song. tablets can play whenever they want. also so much ads saying to upgrade. im not changing untill its fixed
do you like listening to the same 5 songs over and over with out even being able to choose which order you listen to them_ well this app is just for you. here we have the nazi germany of music radios. you get absolutely no say in what song you listen to. but you do get to look at some nice ads.
it's okay i do sort of like it but when you click on a song a totally different  song plays which is annoying. if you want to play your playlist well it never does_ it plays songs that are not in your playlist. i have only come across one advertisement which is about stupid sheffield university which always appers  after a song has ended. on the other hand you can download any music you want but you need internet. please fix the problems as so as possible. thank you_
whenever an ad comes on the app turns off and i tried deleting it and download it again, it did nothing. i don't know if it's my tablet or if it's the app. it's really annoying.
this is a great app_ the app is smooth and very professional. the app itself is awesome, like even looking at it is enough to satisfy me. the music portion is amazing. i have not encountered a pop up ad and the ads that i did encountered where very short and not in groups, like i like em. also most of the ads i heard were about spotify, which is awesome because they taught you more about the app. unlike pandora, you can search songs and play them, and if you like how pandora has the whole radio idea, they
it doesn't let you listen to what you want unless you pay money, it doesn't let you go back unless you pay money, it only lets you skip a few times, you can not change the repeat so you can only listen to a song once and it played the sinister 2 advert while i'm trying to sleep, like bruh, why would you do that_
lately it has not let me play music. it repeats that i should buy premium  for free listens. the thing is though, whenever it does come up with an ad it doesn't  even load. i'm stuck on a blank screen. when i do try to play music all of a sudden the buttons don't respond, even when the menu does. i was just about to buy premuim but within these past days, spotify shows it doesn't  earn my money yet.
i run nearly every day, i bet many people using this app do. to think that the populace does not realize ads are more frequent than 30 minutes when one watches the videos is ludicrous. based on that trickery alone, i will never subscribe to this app... and yes, i now simply shut the app off when it tries to scam me by playing ads more frequently. i put on a different app that is more honest and actually has integrity. shame on you, spotify.
by far too many advertisements. there aren't this many ads when i watch shows public tv or listen to the radio. very disappointing.
by far too many advertisements. there aren't this many ads when i watch shows public tv or listen to the radio. very disappointing.
don't like the interface very much. if you have the free subscription then you can't even do what they advertise for the free subscription. very poor.
it's good. could be better, but it works as advertised advertised.
ever time an ad comes on it cuts 30_15 second of the end of the song plz fix. now its skips 1 whole min
starts off with an ad saying if i listen to the next ad i will have 30 minutes of ad free music, but then after just 2 songs it plays 2 30 second long ads. can't choose what song you want to hear anymore, can't restart or scroll forward on the playing song, lots of ads, and limited skips. now there is no reason to choose spotify over pandora.
why did they do this like they know that there just mad cause nobody wanted to pay for pro because there only like one minute long ads so....
firstly, if you cannot afford premium, spotify brainwashes you with adverts telling you to upgrade. secondly i have a playlist of 239 songs and when i shuffle them, the same 8 songs play... it wouldn't surprise me if this happened purposly to try to convince me to upgrade _pay monthly _ _therefore i can skip songs unlimited_.
some, not all, negative reviews are really something. when you use a app for free, be ready to deal with ads and limited choices. if you think everything in life should be free, go wake up and learn what capitalism is. artists work hard to get a good pay just like your parents work hard to buy your phone. either pay or watch. support your favorite artists.
spotify free is quite limited on mobile. you can't stream any song, you can only play on shuffle. i don't mind the ads, i'm content with the sound quality and the fact that i can't download songs for offline listening, but it's ridiculous that i can't play the previous song on the list or fast forward for example. also, it would be great if i could play a song i just searched for, like it is on tablet. i had rated the app 5_5 when i used it on tablet, but now it deserves only 2_5 for the diverse library.
i get a free trial of no ads and i get to pick my songs for 7 days
it says to get premium for an advert free music time but when i look for the ads it is not there so i can't play my music because it says there are ads on but clearly they r not please please try solve this problem.
it says to get premium for an advert free music time but when i look for the ads it is not there so i can't play my music because it says there are ads on but clearly they r not please please try solve this problem.
i can't take it off shuffle,i can't listen to any song i want to,and i can't change the song and every ad us asking me to upgrade and to make matters worse....... everything i need to do on spotify is only available in premium_
this app is ok but when i use it on my laptop it acts up when a ad pops up i watch it but then it frezzes on the finishing then i click pause and play then i have to watch the ad all over again fix on windows 8.1 laptop its good on my phone though samsung galaxy note2.
i like spotify very much.... when its working. its been stopping randomly and takes forever to load. no its not my device because pandora and songza work just fine. and btw its very annoying that you guys advertise your premium option before every real ad. everyone knows there's an ad free version just show me the ad so i can listen to some music.
i like spotify very much.... when its working. its been stopping randomly and takes forever to load. no its not my device because pandora and songza work just fine. and btw its very annoying that you guys advertise your premium option before every real ad. everyone knows there's an ad free version just show me the ad so i can listen to some music.
i can listen to all of the songs omfg. but ads tho, it keeps bragging and shoving to get a pro in my face like its annoying
you dont like having a choice of what you listen to,not able to skip bad songs,constant adverts
you can download and play all you want all the time_ but sometimes you need to get rid of the ads but so wonderful_
crashes a lot on my xperia z3 compact. the song doesn't finish and it skips to the next song and it continues until i hear an ad. the songs don't even play clearly but the ads do.
when i open this app it works fine but when i close it ad open it again it shows _spotify has stop_ 5 times and i need to restart my phone to use it again... i use this app for a long time and this is the first time encounter this promblem can you help me asap thanks
pretty good. only problem is when ads come up, they don't load. just a grey screen. other than that, it is good.
spotify is rad. i love it _ i will continue too. but jeez why so much money for no ads _ selecting the song you want to play_ at least reduce the ads for non_premium users. there's an ad after every 2 songs _ its always the same ad.
it's easy to listen to music better than sound cloud and google play music free music but please remove ads for free on the app in the next update instead of paying
spikes to as much as 15_ even when playing predownloaded songs. new colour sucks. i already have premium but you advertise it as _no commitment _ cancel any time you like_. lol so a monthly subscription isn't considered a commitment_ in my books, yeah it is because you are committing to making a monthly payment. i think the word you are looking for is _contract_ as you can cancel your _commitment_ to pay monthly any time but its just something you would be better off not advertising.
the excessive ads are under control, i love the option of _one short ad for 30 minutes ads_free_, and the spontaneous crashing of the app has disappeared. i can now give five stars unreservedly to this app that accompanies me everywhere.
you should still be able to listen offline with out being bugged all the time with ads
i dont pay for premium and turn the volume down when the ads come on every 30 mins or so. i am delighted with this app_
i put my phone on power saving and this app goes nuts pushing ads over and over, i haven't even used it lately but you are ruining my battery.  10_ in 40 minutes this charge.  deleting_ so weird,  it's not like i updated you or anything,  you just went nuts_
only thing i do not like is advertisements
ads commercial is suck we never dat
but, i uninstalled it because they keep abusing push notifications and sending me ads for sales.
why have they put so many constrictions on how you can play and sort your music its just frustrating especially for a person like me who runs and gets bombarded with adverts every 5 minutes and can't choose what song i want to play really disappointed after all the positive things people have said about it. won't be keeping this app
at first, i was enjoying this app, it was giving me free music and then it just cut to the adds and it wasn't just one ad, oh no it was about 3 before i decided to give up on this and uninstall it. i didn't expect it to have that many adds in it at all_
very good however lots of limits if you do not pay for example ads every half an hour
it has most songs avaliable and great quality. amazing expect for ads.
plays ad, then hangs and does nothing.
more ads errrr
is so annoying to listen these advertising for much seconds and loud voice,after waiting for many seconds then starts a shit song,and i decided to close it or maybe to uninstall it.
i love how you can just listen to whatever song whenever you want, and there are so many options for song choices, playlists, artists, and more_ just i dont like how its around _10_15 a month for premium and i dont like how if you dont have premium you have to listen to songs on shuffle, and how there is an ad around every five or so songs, and the ads last for like, 2  1_2 minutes, completely interrupting your mood. otherwise, i love this app and i cant get better music anywhere else_
i love spotify but you all need to put the price down, i love certain artists on this app but i'm not paying _10 just so you will be able to 'remove' the ads etc just to listen to the music without ads being played in the background.
i dont like it because whenever i go in to the app it says that i have to sign in again when im already signed in_ it is dumb because when you want to play a song then it comes up with an ad and then after the song it comes up with another ad.
how do i use my ad card as storage_
who cares that advertisements pop up spotify is a great way to listen to music this app isn't rubbish
there is only 1 thing i dnt get y do u have to pay for no ads but other than that it still rules yeah_ _
suffle plays the same music over nad overi have over 3 thousand songs and still hear a select handful of them on reply daily... some i havent even heard yet. ad's on pc have all of a sudden decided to play super load compared to music volume now, i dont mind ads byt i have my music low then an ad comes and almost defens me...
every time i try to listen to my music it stoppes playing the music and only plays the ads pandora is going to outdo you please fix this_
this used to be my favorite app to use for free music. ive had it for a really long time. now it's complete bs. you cannot select a song, you can only hit shuffle which gets annoying. the skips are limited and theres no way to replay a song. the ads don't bother me so much since they were there before all this. but now spotify is basically forcing you to pay _9.99 a month in order to select a song and to replay a song. that's about _120 every year_ 5 stars if updated.
i would rate it 5 stars but... i can't pick my song, everytime i listen to a separate album it spams the songs with suggested songs and uses all my skips... all i ask is to let people who can't buy a subscription be able to pick the song. the ads i don't mind. and have a setting to turn off _or on_ suggested songs.
can't choose what song you want to hear anymore, can't restart or scroll forward on the playing song, lots of ads, and limited skips. now there is no reason to choose spotify over pandora.
so now i can't use the app unless i agree to let you share my information_  you can f_k right off, i don't want even more advertising sent my way so this will be the end of my use of spotify
why does it start on a song and quickly change to another one as if the app mess up in the shuffle and every once in a while it will play an ad in the middle of the song plz fix or put it back to the original which is how i like it
if i wanted pandora, i would've downloaded pandora. this app used to be great. now because of shuffle play, suggested songs and advertisement i can't even listen to what i want to without paying. hate to sound like a hippy, but this is just a corporate butt_fluck_
i pay _5.99 per month yet still get adverts on this version and can't use it to it's potential without paying nearly double that. no thanks_
love it sooooooooooooo... much_ anyone who hasn't got spotify install it now_ play the music now_                                  all i don't like is that it keeps on saying 30 mins ad free but inbetween there are some ads
i've been using spotify for about 2 hears, amazing app and software. it's come so far. love the new green. 2 issues, when i have cross fade on, it shouldn't crossfade into an ad. and spotify closes whenever i start some games. good app though.
come on spotify  i give you my data i want an app that works. resently it constantly says i'm offline or it will play one song and then stop but your ads will play and use my data. fix this crap.
why do i need to use shuffle play on my phone, but not on my tablet_ also why is there a 30 seconds video that promises 30 minutes of ad free music only on phones, and it doesn't work, i still get ads. now i can only skip a couple songs at a time and it only happens on my phone, not the tablet which has unlimited skips... whenever the application works properly i will give it a better rating.
it controls my shuffle and i can't skip to the next song. i'm not going to pay money for free music. i rather listen to pandora and deal with the ads
i don't like the fact that you have to buy a premium version to listen to music without ads pleas make it free so we can enjoy the music without having to pay
used to be great, but now it jams up on the ads and stalls occasionally. please fix whatever you did to this previously good app.
it keep on cuttin off the song when i go on other apps n when i go on spotify the song is on pause or keeps playing but when i press the button the song plays all over again its annoyin n ads keep freezing so i have to restart my phone
i love this app and don't mind the ads, works fine and lets me choose music on tablet and computer, but on the phone it only allows shuffling, my i ask, why, spotify_
way to many ads. calm down.
the damn ads ruin the app
don't get me wrong i love this app. but every other song i get an ad. it says oh yea no ads for 30minutes but right after that song ads start again
the app itself is great, good layout, tons of songs and great premade playlists. with a free account you can listen to custom playlists and have a good amount of skips. there are obviously a couple ads here and there but the main issue is when i listen to one of my custom playlists,  i sometimes have to listen to upwards of 4 _suggested songs_ in a row. this pulls me out of a great playlist that i was enjoying. beyond that little complaint it's a great app that i recommend every music person have.
while it doesn't give the hi_fi quality i'm looking for, this streaming service definitely gets the job done by providing users a seamless experience _minus the ads if you're listening for free_ and with over millions of songs to choose from, plus curated playlists by ordinary users, to artists and celebrities, you'll be happy spending lot's of money for a premium subscription. worth it_
had a great experience with it for the first few days of use. but then things came popping up like ads and stuff and i was getting less and less options to change the song i was listening to, and it wouldn't let me play any of my music from different playlists,  and i really hate this app now._ not impressed at all.
i signed in using facebook because that is how i login to the app on my computer. after selecting the play list i wanted it started playing songs in random, even though the song that was playing was not the one i selected. after the song was done it stopped playing but there was an ad asking me to go pro. since i just listen to it at home while i am working i will just use the computer version and uninstall this
good but gets stuck on ads
it really nice no ads
perfect app for music better than itunes_ just reduce the suggested song appearances rate and actually give us 30 min of ad free music when you say you will
there are some songs on this that aren't available but this app is beautiful i personally have premium and i so reccomend it _0.99 a month and you get as many skips as you want you can specifically choose a song you want to listen to no ads  and you can go offline to save data or to improve streaming quality i love it
older versions worked great, but now the app isn't really worth it. 1_ the ads for free version have gone from one every 25_30min to 3 ads every 10 min. it makes it terrible for a listening experience. 2_ tons of giltching while listening, it'll be playing one song for 30_45 sec and then skip to the next song. mind you this is over good wifi connection or strong 4g connection. 3_ rarely am i able to skip a song anymore. i think used to be able to do 5 or so an hour or couple hours. now it just says upgrade.
it cuts off my music and plays like 5 ads. not even a full 30 minutes of music.
works good with the tablet apk and hola unblocker. almost no ads, skip as much as you want on the phone and everything is usable even in a country where spotify isn't available.
the entire reason why i pay monthly is to not have ads_ this last update brought ads. please take the ads away from people that pay for it or im going to stop paying monthly.
i love spotify..until the update...why can't you just allow people with out premium to choose their music..i made a 200 song playlist and if i have a song in mind i can't play it cause of shuffle..the new update stinks_ you guys were doing so good, and my fav music player, but realize this update will  make you loose your costumers cause of how dumb this update is.. please give free users unlimited music again with ads, would be much better. if you cared you'd listen to your applications users ideas.
the amount of ads on the free version has massively increased recently which spoils the experience. i won't be bullied into upgrading to premium
used to just play one 30 second ad. now it plays two or three of them.
i like when they advertise spotify free. the app does everything it claims it will. i have no problems with my opo with cyanogen 11.0. you get a week free trial of premium with a new account. would be nice if premium were cheaper than 10_ a month though.
ads _'_ fml smfh ,but then the ads ruin it
this is a really great way listen to music free. or pay for no ads but whatever i love  it.
alot of ads
i have three ads per 3 or 2 songs... wth_
pro vs is too pricey for what is given. maybe if you matched pandora one price. so i deal with ads but what is driving me nuts is if i skip or play a specific song _after the ad_ it skips the song i wanted to play _ moves onto next whilst removing wanted song from playlist forcing me to reload to get desired song wtf_ and i want the following to pay these prices for pro. 1. all known popular bands on radio _ movie soundtracks included _many searches produce cover bands or remixes i dont want_. is this a licening issue with band_ ok fine charge me less then.  2. if you can't meet _1 then allow me to upload my own mp3s for what u cant provide _dont care about sharing my list with others u can block that_. 3. give me a way to filter out the live music, cover bands _ remixes. i dont want them,  but i do want the original cd quality. 4. i would accept a few ads for a lower premium price but all device connectivity is needed like yamaha receivers. _and maybe this is why i dont hear your so called _amazing sound quality_ on premium because i listen thru a ps4 which is connected to receiver but i hear no difference between free _ pro.
when i go to play a specific album, what happens_ i get an ad, and then it switches to _suggested music_, which is always country or really nasty hardcore metal. i don't enjoy either and have never really went out of my way to listen to either of the genres. i'm serious, this _feature_ ruins the app. if you don't want to completely remove it, add an option to disable it.
well, its okay. i don't like the ads _ and they don't have got7 xc they should, cuz they're amazing xd
music plays really smoothly and the ads are really short  music can't get much better than this, only thing is the three dot button next to the songs should really be in a different spot or bigger cause i keep pressing the slider by accident and going down the list
ads sucks unless you go premium. good otherwise. i like being able to create play lists.
i wud hav given a higher mark if u didnt hav to shuffle music if u dont sign up after the trial period but apart from adverts it's not too bad an app
i hate how they play 3 ads back to back not to mention they put a limit on skips plus if you wana hear 1 song your screwed why must i listen to a whole album_ just to hear 1 song off of it how dumb is that the only reason i keep this app is cause it's on the ps4 and when you play in on the ps4 you can skip and pick songs _ stupid seeing as you cant when its not connected if they played 1 ad and let you pick a single song this app could easily get 5  stars but until then ima keep leaving you with 1 star bit
i like this app, but there are not many options for non_premium users. you cant play songs you want it only shuffles, and you cant playback a song. i ordered premium when they had that three months for 99. and i was charge _9.99 for first month, and i took it off for false advertising.
it works well. i dont mind the ads, but i like the ability to make playlists.
there should always be the option of listening to a quick ad for 30 mins of music. i mean, it's a fair cost for premium. and, unlike pandora, you can listen to songs you actually want to listen to.
went premium and it's worth it. had no problems finding any song or album. being able to listen offline helps, no interruptions and being able to skip more than 5 tunes a day which the free version only let's u do. also no adverts. unfortunately i can't connect to my xbox1 so only 3_'s now. but at _10 a month that's _120 a year.there's no choice to subscribe yearly. considering canceling my subscription as i've been premium for over a year. never been offered any discount or anything _
great music app just sometimes the ads keep on coming for awhile but overall i like it alot
30 seconds long advertisement between songs is ok. its just normal. but advertisement in songs_ are you serious spotify_ while the song is dropping comes advertisement... i understand that you want people to buy the full version but that's just insane_ you realy cant call that for free...
good app but the ads get pretty annoying_
pretty good. lots of ads and some music is missing.
every 5 minutes it says _watch this vid for 30 min of ad free music_, and if you dont then it plays like 6 ads to punish you, and then asks you again 5 minutes later. if you watch it, then congrats no ads oh wait yep more ads on other stations. and then on the playlist or song radio it plays the same songs over and over agian, and you cant skip songs you already heard because you get like 5 skips. free version is pathetic. and then you go on the pc version and wonder why the mobile app isnt more like the pc
cant choose a song to play, shuffle doesnt even work, ads every now and then, and only 3 skips. how much for the full version_ doesnt even say how much.
love the way it all sounds.  ads don't show up that much, not that i'm complaining.
i understand the ads so i wont complain about those. its great period.
good but radio plays same stuff repetitively, and oh the ads, ads, ads.
lol ads start playing deleted this right away
way to many ads.
ads are not much of a problem, i have checked out other apps with irrelevant searches. and this allows playlists. suggestion_ allow premium to be bought with google play credits.
i  can't access it since i  paid the 99 cents for ad free music two days ago . i've done everything you told me to do to correct this. send me the user name and password you have me under. if i  get back on i will re_evaluate.  if not . . .  well, houston, we have a problem_
i'm  getting sick of it freezing everytime i pick a new playlist and it goes  to an ad.
i really hate it because there are so many ads. i hate the ads. i wish i could put 0 stars.
upgrade_ upgrade_                       does it look like i want freaking premium cause i don't so stop advertising it 24_7
i'm using the free ad_supported service. music loudness is noticeably lower than other music players i've tried and the ads are almost 2 times louder than music itself. also would like to see an option to select the start page. otherwise great app and service.
not obnoxious about ads
when you download the app on a phone there are so many restrictions. on tablet_ computer you can skip as many songs as you want and choose the song you play and it doesn't suggest songs but there are still ads
i tried paying for premium it doesn't want my money i must of tried to pay for this about thirty times doesn't work and i really want to listen to my music and i don't want ads so i'm just going to delete it. also it won't work for my sister either.
i was in the app and i noticed my music wasn't downloaded so i went to the contents bar and it said get premium for ad free listening. also i logged in with my facebook does any one know how to fix it_
there is no play button and the advertising gets in the way
this app makes premium a excuse to not let me listen to my own music. i find it pitiful that i can't change songs without premium, i can't hand pick what song i want to hear, and your advertising is just so annoying that i am sure people want to kill themselves after every single one of them. it isn't even thirty dang minutes of music after the first ad. this music app is by far the worst one i have ever came across. the only small reason why this app got a two star rating is because i can use it for my ps4
this app makes premium a excuse to not let me listen to my own music. i find it pitiful that i can't change songs without premium, i can't hand pick what song i want to hear, and your advertising is just so annoying that i am sure people want to kill themselves after every single one of them. it isn't even thirty dang minutes of music after the first ad. this music app is by far the worst one i have ever came across. the only small reason why this app got a two star rating is because i can use it for my ps4
it's by far the best music app in the market, it allows me to select the music i want to play, and the ads do not appear every five songs, like other apps. overall, i love it.
lots of hanging on searches, especially radio. connectivity issues, freezes, etc. suggested songs interrupting your playlist are incredibly frustrating. i really dont mind ads, but spotifys ads in general are amazingly obnoxious, with screeching subway cars being a real lowlight. and playing light r_b and spanish language ads are a killer when i'm in the gym lifting heavy.
need to download all the songs and then you could play .....i like the old spotify where there is no downloading things and you should buy premium to listen without ads
only using the free service at the moment. you get what you pay for.  adverts can be a bit intrusive, but i am wondering if i can justify subscription.
just ads are letdowners
i love how you can listen to music with this,  with almost no restrictions or catches. the ads are a bit annoying,  but they only come once in a while. it's good.
seriously_ i understand the whole 'free trial pay to get pro' thing but when i listen to like 2 songs and there are a butt ton of ads on the other side, it just makes it unappealing
spams notification section with ads.
it's awesome that your tablet can control what's happening on your phone_ however i dislike that for every one song, a million adverts are then played.
there's always the you_have_to_shuffle_and_listen_to_ads_unless_you_have_premium nuisance, to which i'm used at this point, but i've discovered _while listening through spotify connect on a playstation 3_ that an ad will in a way replace a song. for example, if i'm listening to an album, it will play track one, track two, ad, ad, track five. if you could fix that bug, that would be awesome.
this app keeps constantly asking me to update to premium and sending me ads. i have unsubscribed at least 3 times and they continue to send me their crap. its annoying
their is always this promo ad
great app, buy pro when they have discounts. app will play irrelevant ads if you have free. playlist option is very easy to navigate. wish there is a timer option though. it's a pain to have to use another app to stop the music so the battery won't drain needlessly.
since i don't have the money for premium,  when i touch the 30 minutes of ad free music it gives me ads anyways.  is that a glitch or normal_ other than than great app_
won't play my playlists or songs. keeps playing ads instead of songs. keeps suggesting songs and telling me to go pro instead of playing selected content. skips my favorite song when i finally get it to play entire album. thanks for nothing, i'm switching now.
learn to relax listening to adds instead of music and everything will be just fine.  it should be renamed to_ advertifi.
so much better than pandora for so many reasons.                            first_ very few ads
can i just listen to one song instead of shuffle play the entire album _ playlist on free_ i'll listen to relevant adverts in between like a radio station. uninstalled _ hopefully deleted account, the deleting accounts process is for another days ordeal_
nothing but the ads play sound. clicking any song is telling me i need to upgrade to premium. uninstalling. one plus one phone.
used to be ok. i like the option to view an ad to get 30 minutes ad free. most frustrating in the latest update the bluetooth connection, it won't last beyond one song. says that the bluetooth connection is lost. most frustrating. other than that, great app.
i can't pick songs anymore just like the old version when i shuffle it it shows the freaking ad to download the pro one to pick your songs.
wished i could transfer my music to my ad card
way way way to many ads
too many ads. never get 30 mins. free
when the ads play there is a delay when the song plays after of up to 3mins. and the screen is blacked out.
changing the basic functions between phone and tablet means i will look elsewhere for music. fine with ads. hell, i'd pay for premium if my experience was positive. however, gimping it so as to force shuffle play all the time means i cannot actually try the app as it should be used. good bye.
found heaps of amazing new music on pc version.. dont mind a few ads as it is free. uses data so will get premium shortly. .
you can download and play all you want all the time_ but sometimes you need to get rid of the ads but so wonderful_
i can't even enjoy my favorite songs because they always play stupid ads and suggested songs.... other wise i would give it 3 stars..... its really good other wise...... hope this helped..... and btw... i am not paying a dime for them...
im okay with most ads but i don't want to be partying and hear stupid and depressing meth ads
_watch this short video to receive thirty minutes of ad free music._  oh okay. then i change playlists, five minutes later. _watch this short video to receive thirty minutes of ad free music._ ....
why do i need to use shuffle play on my phone, but not on my tablet_ also why is there a 30 seconds video that promises 30 minutes of ad free music only on phones, and it doesn't work, i still get ads. connecting to a ps4 only works half the time, and when it does work, every song pauses or resets when it's finished instead of going to the next song.
i can't skip songs, i can't choose certain songs it's all shuffle play, too many ads just to tell you there isn't and ads, tells you to go pro every 5 seconds. sound cloud,music manic pro, and pandora are much better apps that you should give a shot at.
ads every 10_15 minutes, even when it says half an hour of ad free listening. kind of annoying
mobile version is alright, but the tablet and computer version is amazing_ any song, any time, worth only a few ads. i love it and it beats pandora and iheart radio any day.
i like it but i don't like the ads and how you need internet connection to listen to music other wise i totally recommended it_
but when you watch a video ad, 20 minutes later a video as appears again...
why do i need to use shuffle play on my phone, but not on my tablet_ also why is there a 30 seconds video that promises 30 minutes of ad free music only on phones, and it doesn't work, i still get ads.
let's you have want music you want .....but after a while you have to pay for it and the ads are a little annoying _ but other than that its good _
had premium for several months, thought _how bad can it be with the ads put in_... maybe if they stood by their advertising claim _the next 30 mins of listening is commercial_free if you'll just watch this 30 second video_.  i sat through the irrelevant video, and 15 mins later i'm treated to 3 ads in a row, and then about 5 mins after that, another 30 second ad..._ so, in the _30 mins of commercial_free listening_ i had to listen to 4 stupid advertisements_ why_ that's flat_out lying to customers...
had premium for several months, thought _how bad can it be with the ads put in_... maybe if they stood by their advertising claim _the next 30 mins of listening is commercial_free if you'll just watch this 30 second video_.  i sat through the irrelevant video, and 15 mins later i'm treated to 3 ads in a row, and then about 5 mins after that, another 30 second ad..._ so, in the _30 mins of commercial_free listening_ i had to listen to 4 stupid advertisements_ why_ that's flat_out lying to customers...
is bullsh_t about adds. don't tell me i'll have thirty minutes of  add free music and then play more adds the other thing that is bull it's the video add after i press play and go home you open back up to pay your stupid video.  i liked this app till all of this.  you guys need to stop false advertising about the thirty minutes of free music tho.
great app but continually spoilt by the adverts to get premium every 3 songs which spoils listening to the app if feel very pressured by spotify to upgrade as that's why there's some  many adverts for it if you stop this it will make me give 5stars not 1 its that simple
keeps crashing on ads. decided to go premium wouldn't let me add my code ... your loss spotify i'll stay free _
has to go and too much ads
just remove ads
ads keep on coming.one after another. i have to close to app and open it again to hear a song and then it goes back to ads
i spent a very lengthy amount of time creating playlists only to have them completely discarded and the only thing that plays are _suggested songs_. now, don't get me wrong, i'm totally fine with having a suggested song every now and then, like every 4 or 5 songs. but spotify literally plays sometimes up to 10 back to back, and that's definitely way too much. if i wanted to listen to a bunch of random songs of the same genre and way too much advertisement mixed in, i'd turn on my radio.
c'mon now_ it was already bad enough that the ad for _go premium_ would display every 5_10 minutes, but now every time i play my music, usually the first song that starts to play, or a couple songs in, a new _suggested song_ would play _ then a one after that, _ then a one after that, _ then a one after that, too_ enough_ if i wanted to listen to songs i didn't put on my playlist, i'd listen to a radio at home_ i was about to switch over to pandora but after reading their comments, i was like _omg, wth_
the free version is now completely unusable. i understand that they want you to upgrade but i'm not going to fork out _120 a year on this basis. first of all they did away with track selection,  so you could only use shuffle play, fair enough,  its a free version. but now what happens is you select shuffle,  it plays about 2 tracks then an advert and then veers completely off your selected artist and plays _suggested songs_ and never returns to your original selection. may as well listen to the radio.
i an using a galaxy s3 paired to a hesh 2 wireless headphones and at the end of every song _ advertisment it breaks the connection and starts playing on my phone's speaker. and you want me to buy premium_ the most annoying thing ever.  glad i didn't.
i love this app, my only complaint is not having the ability to skip the 30 minutes free ad after the like 5 seconds of it allowing you to skip, then after you're forced to watch some ad without skipping it after those 5 second.
it says u have 30 min of ad free music but it reminds us every time a song ends _
doesnt play music.... loads ads clear as day...... uninstalling
spotify has way too many long adverts and not enough breaks between the ad and the songs.
spotify has way too many long adverts and not enough breaks between the ad and the songs.
still too many ads on free play and the monthly premium is way off. other than that, easy, functional, good. drop the price_ _
the ads voice too annoying, i cant hear any songs with ads_ please disable it.. hope you understand. _
i get more ads than music, and when i'm lifting, that doesn't fly with me.
ads and everything
this sucks i can get other apps and not gets ads that interrupt the music i am listening if u fix this and no ads i will rate 5s stars
accomplishes exactly as advertised. top notch customer service and support. i have tried several music applications, none rival spotify, especially when it comes to offline play. i still hope they eventually extend their discount to the elderly, disabled, veterans and active duty military. all of which are on fixed incomes, just as students are. why should students get all the fun_ reguardless, they are the best that i have found.
bluetooth connection is no longer working correctly since last update. the ads are longer now.  please also stop recommending other artists.  just play songs from catelog i chose.  also stop repeating songs.  i loved it but now won't use til issues are fixed_
but this new update is messing with my blue tooth connection on my note3. after every song it disconnects, then reconnects. same for every advertisement. please fix it so i can enjoy music again.
it can play almost any song, ads are rare, and the sound quality is wonderful_ _i have the free version_ i totally recommend this app_
i have spotify and trust me, its better than itunes and best part is, you don't have to pay for the music. just type in the song and create a unique playlist and add it on and boom you are set. but downside is, if you want to get rid of the ads, you have to pay for the upgrade.
it's okay too many ads compared to web one
it would be better if  the upgrade coated less instead if _10.00 a month. when it says 30minutes ad free it gives me 1 song worth of ad free song
it's really annoying to see ads even when i am premium user
plays a 30 second sound clip saying to _click here for the ad and have 30 minutes of free music_ where the least 20 seconds is just music and you can't exit. afterwards it plays the audio ad anyways.
i don't know if it's the new update but i'm finally done. not only is it annoying to hear ads every 30min or so, there are a string of them. most of the same songs i use to like are now overplayed to the point of annoyance. furthermore,  my bluetooth headset syncs out almost every other song_ doesn't happen to me when i use jango...
i got the 3 month premium upgrade and its still playing ads, not letting me skip songs, or play anything offline. 5 stars if this gets fixed.
the free version is a lot better....except for shuffling between the bands albums, when i only want too hear the one i chose. and, of course, those annoying ads after 3 songs_ fts_ htc evo 4g
i get that there has to be ads for streaming. i'm okay w_ that but after 3 songs play, i hear an ad. it's so annoying. plus when i play it on my ps4, it randomly stops. allow more accuracy to timing and better connection to consoles and i'll rate it better
music suggestions not based on relation to genre or artists style i was currently listening to but on force feeding current pop hits from artists that do not need more exposure. app will crash sometimes if you hit the _watch video to get 30 minutes ad free._ recently i was logged out of my account on the app for no reason, my current password does not work and password reset does not work and tech support hasn't responded to my complaint.
great app, works flawlessly. too any people on here complain about ads, buy premium or dont complain about your free music
great i just wish there wasn't as many long ads
nice new color. _y_ bring discover to the front and bring back the press'n'hold preview. p.s. why do you keep advertising cosmetics to female users and music to males_ c'mon spotify, shame on you.
why can't everyone have premium for free....its not fair i hope on an update for the the users who doesn't have premium should at least have unlimited skips and able to play any song you want as long as you are online and have no ads
third time adding this comment, miraculously this will disappear too i'm sure. spotify plays ads every 10 or so minutes after blatently lying and stating that _no commercials will play for 30 minutes_, you suck.
i rarely skip songs, so i know when im out of skips, why is it that when i skip a song sometimes it takes all of my skips, like you need to fix that, and why do you play songs that are not in my playlist,  or the album i chose to listin to. also you guys owe me about 3 hours and 30mins ad free.  good app all_in_all, but has bugs and needs fixing.
apparently you can do different things on differant devises but on my android tablet its good. i havent paid any money so i can accept the amount of ads and that some music isn't there. but its a nice layout, good quality and it works through my speakers. loving the new colour_
i hate it so much_ those ads are unbearable, it is so annoying_ the ads keep ruining the music...horrible
i used it for my tablet...works fine but...remove ads..
spotify why do you do this_ let me just specify all the problems of this app_ crashes,ads,paying for all the features,and horrible customer service never buy premium
no ads, no wi_fi, no problems. premium is kind of a must.
it has way too many ads
it's not cheap but it is outstanding value. no adverts just whatever you want to listen to. download all you want and listen to it even in airport mode. never skips or freezes_touch wood_ love it_ but needs help on organisation and saving queues as playlists
i'm loving premium the sound quality is great all you can eat albums on demand no ads _
they limit your features to make you pay for premium membership. i understand this but i do have to listen to an advert every two songs so shouldn't i be able to choose what i'm listening to_
i don't mind the ads but it would be great if it doesn't buffer like i have a very slow connection.
used to love spotify but latest version will not let me play songs that i want but i have to put on shuffle, all designed  to force you on to contract. also have had lots of adverts about sex lately  which is not good when you have 3 tiny children who love music. how about a bit of responsibility spotify_
pro is where its at but if u can stand the ads you'll be good
keeps saying the next 30 minutes are ad free but is bs
remembers lists and favourites. sound quality good on phone galaxy s4 and galaxy tablet. not as many ads as i anticipated...
the new design's welcome, the way ads are placed in_between songs is great, but are kinda too loud. i listen to music usually at max volume, pretty sure lots of people do too. it would be much appreciated if you could tune the ads down a bit thx..
even with weak internet _wifi_ connection, this app really makes it easy for listen to the music you choose, with very little ads, unlike common competitor pandora. only problem i have with the app is that you can't listen to artists like taylor swift, but there is much more varieties of music to listen to besides those select artists. overall_ 9.5_10_
most annoying audio ads to ever exist.
use it on ps4 thanks for the premium with ads for ps4 its keeps reminding me to buy premium and i will thanks spotify been here from the start great work spotify team _
poor, because without a premium account you can not even choose songs. i prefer deezer _ where ads are shorter
nobody can't beat these guys  _ _  i love the. ads to.
i think we should be allowed to choose the color completely designed by ourselves and choose the song we want next, its no good being forced to shuffle when on apple you don't have to shuffle or the pc version. let us choose our que and sometimes music not in the playlist comes up, whats with all these errors for devices not from apple. fix it and add the new color feature for all or regret it, besides we get tons of ads anyway_ and this was last updated july 18_.
instead of me relaxing i need to download premium and i have to pay for it and there is always a stupid ad playing i only want to listen to the music i like
crying _internally and semi_sarcastically_ bc i had a gift card so i had premium for a month but the month is up and i'm not paying _10 for premium just for one month bc, well, i'm not made of money and i know i'll want to keep spending the money for premium.  but tbh free spotify isn't very good and the ads are extremely annoying.  to sum it up_ make premium less expensive bc no one in their right mind would spend that much money on an app unless they actually had money.
yes. i agree. that new green is a horrible idea. i understand they are  likely trying to set themselves apart in a market swamped with neon green... but... they already had started to take ownership over that iconic color via constant exposure... now they are taking steps back_ guessing some high up executive moron made this decision. maybe someone related to the guy that does verizons advertising or samsungs flagship phone color options.
i have every song or album i could want at my fingertips. premium is great to avoid any ads in between songs.
_listen to these brief commercials for 30 minutes of ad free listening_ yet on my 15 minute drive home i have to listen to these _brief_ almost 5 minute long ads twice.... the _suggested song_, which i don't want to hear in the first place is the same suggested song that's played the last 6 times. i still don't want to hear it_ quit trying to be pandora and just let me listen to what i want_
why can't i just simply tap on a song to play it_ if i do this ad shows up bout premium package and im only 13_ i used to like it now its terrible_ now i have to delete it
hesitate to rate it before but now, i can say it's an absolute must have. small size means you have more room for playlists, and the newly added freedom of choice can't be more appreciated. maybe reduce the number of ads per break though.
it's not cheap but it is outstanding value. no adverts just whatever you want to listen to. download playbills and listen to it even in airport mode. never skips or freezes_touch wood_ love it_
i rarely skip songs, so i know when im out of skips, why is it that when i skip a song sometimes it takes all of my skips, like you need to fix that, and why do you play songs that are not in my playlist,  or the album i chose to listin to. also you guys owe me about 3 hours and 30mins ad free.  good app all_in_all, but has bugs and needs fixing.
i like the new advertisement featuring random taiwanese girl, her voice is okay compare to old one which is plain annoying. love the new theme.
i swear that the developers are trying to make it worse bit by bit. it's little things like a song won't queue up after an advert and now i have installed spotify on my phone for the first time i realise that you have to deal with this shuffle play crap. why the hell would i want a music app that doesn't play the music i want_ i was a big fan of spotify for a number of years and was a paying customer for much of that time and i never thought i would end up uninstalling  but that's exactly what i did. shame.
om_gosh i love this app so much_ yes i am annoyed about the ads but the main thing that bothers me is that you have to pay to listen to music offline which i find really irritating.
so much better than iheartradio and pandora. that being said, it has it's flaws. ex_ _watch this ad for 30 mins of ad_free music_ 10 mins later _watch this ad for 30 mins of ad_free music_ 20 mins later... an ad starts playing_
great app for music but way too many ads. every 3 songs there is 2 or more ads. reduce the ads_
also three american adverts _uk_ after every single song since update_  artists pages it keeps telling me that didn't work,  have another go. also getting pop ups when before it was just vocal ads. also freezing when playing through console and not phone.
also three american adverts _uk_ after every single song since update_  artists pages it keeps telling me that didn't work,  have another go. also getting pop ups when before it was just vocal ads. also freezing when playing through console and not phone.
no podcasts as an ad supported user.
it's pretty ridiculous that if i use this for sleep sounds and music they have ads on a _sleep_ playlist that will wake you up. soundcloud is better.
favorite app update_ i've been using this app since it came out and i do not like the direction they are going at all. more ads than ever, app has trouble over 4g more than ever and i do not want you to play suggested songs that have nothing to do with my playlist. i don't even understand why that's a thing. their's spotify radio for that. use to be a 5 now i would give it a zero if that was an option
really dissapointed that adverts now interfere with enjoyable music. exploitation to upgrade to premier. definitely a thumbs down
i payed for the premium because you guys are advertising that you can listen to music offline but it keeps telling me i can't well offline
just get so fed up with the adverts as i haven't got premium all i won't to do is listen to my songs in peace and not keep getting pressure to get premium every 3 songs it goes on for a minute why why do spotify feel its ok to pressure people in to paying for something extra whilst spoiling the enjoyment of the app at the same time its all about the money i'm sick of company's like this what do you actually give the customer in return nothing but grief
all music streaming apps seem to suck at the authentication part. i know 100_ that is the issue, because it plays for .25 seconds, then pauses. however, if i spam the play button, it plays flawlessly for about 5 sec. meaning that every time i hit play, it starts, and pings the authentication server for authorization. when that returns false or doesn't return fast enough, the app force pauses again. you may as well change your ad to _pay us for nothing_ at least then you'll avoid false ad suites. oh btw...
high quality music is all you need for life. just reduce the number of ads and this app is the best
the forced shuffle is bearable but the digster_universal music ads are disgusting. i would appreciate ads of the genre i'm listening to.
i like spotify but needs less ads, plays ads even after watching video to get ad free radio for the next 30 mins, and i refuse to pay such high prices for less ads and offline streaming
it's really good to be able to select a music category depending on the time of the day or situations. the default playlists are good enough but can be updated and enlarged more frequently. user created playlists are a good way of filling this gap. so long it has been a cozy experience which i think will go on for quiet some time. being able to select a certain song from my tablet and connecting to sound systems via bluetooth is incredibly useful. i may pay for the app to remove the ads.
ad every 5 mins..
the ads. i don't mind the ads, but last time i checked, 30 mins ad free meant 30 minutes without an ad... not every 15_ i understand the urge to get people to paid subs, but this is ridiculous_
i use spotify all the time _ only complaint is the freaking adverts
loading artists pages it keeps telling me that didn't work,  have another go. also getting pop ups when before it was just vocal ads. also freezing when playing through console and not phone.
i give it 3 stars cause they lie when they promise 30 minutes ad free yet 6 minutes later an ad comes on i would give it five but not till they fix this problem
the free version is okay, you can only shuffle play play lists but you can make play lists and just play the songs you want, premium is much better and is worth having it because otherwise there is quite a few ads. overall it is great_
only plays ads, uninstalled
i have to upgrade to premium just to see the next album art_ seriously guys. whats the use of this app for free_ edit_ spotify is free on my computer. shouldnt it be free but just with ads on my phone as well_ do i have to upgrade to premium just to seek the tracks_ do i have to upgrade to premium just have to upgrade to click next_ whats the reason for being free_ im forced to use shuffle play or upgrade to premium_ come on guys, i expected a lot. please just have ads on the app and unlock the premium feat
says i'll have 30 minutes of ad free music but ads still show up
sooo many ads
lots of ads and 10_ a month  but the first time it is 99 cents for 3 month
pay _10_month or _5_month for students and you get millions of songs_ they also added a free version with ads every 30 mins which is also great.
sometimes they pull out all the suggested songs instead of the ones in your playlist. hate that. ads are annoying but not very frequent. its a good app.
doesnt have all the music. and for one ad is has like 3 in it.
bit stupid because if you do not pay per month you have to have ads and you can't even choose which song you want to actually listen too, it had to shuffle it. if it got rid of that and you didnt have to pay , it would be great. i also have a samsung s5 mini and for some reason when i now open it , it says it has stopped and so i cant even use it no more.
i like this app, it has everything i'm looking for_ the only problem i have with the app is the ads. they say they will come back in 30 minutes when its more like 15 minutes or less.
i like the new advertisement featuring random taiwanese girl, her voice is okay compare to old one which is plain annoying.
nobody can't beat these guys  _ _  i love the. ads to.
luv it wish there was no ads
its a great app but with ads and premium for for off and online music and ad free. it's kind of annoying.
i like this app but i wish there was less ads .
i'm so disappointed. i had spotify on my tablet with no problems. just ads. and that's fine. but i downloaded it on my phone and it's telling me i have to have a subscription just to turn off shuffle_ that's a cheap way to make sure people pay money. _ it ain't happening.
i just got a samsung  s4 and the first app i downloaded  was this one. it won't  even let me select  songs or the _30 days premium_ ad comes  up.. not  happy  but  this app was great on a tablet..
i payed for the premium because you guys are advertising that you can listen to music offline but it keeps telling me i can't well offline
its a good app well built short ads like pandora but you can download music
i would have already bought a premium account already if you had in app purchased for such things. otherwise this seems pretty good. loaded with ridiculous ads, but premium is cheap, really wish i could purchase through google pay for premium account.
i hate it that i have to pay to have it offline it sucks. i don't mind the ads but i hate it that i can't go places without having to pay to have it offline_ plz do something
reasonable month subcription price. almost every song you want to listen can be found here. the premium servicr is very good. no ads and able to listen at extreme quality. _
spotify free used to be great. but as of late, the ads have gotten out of control. also random volume changes.
if you are a free user, it limits you to various things like only 5 skips and you can only shuffle play. so i would suggest to pay. but anyways on a computer the only bad thing are the ads _only free users_ its not limiting.
why do i need to get spotify premium just to switch songs when i want to_ and now the search button is not showing up. i can understand if you want to play your music offline you will have to pay for it, but when i want to switch between and search a song we should at least do it with out having to pay for it. spotify throw in some more ads if you have to i don't care but i want to listen to what i want when i want to, when i'm at home. if i'm on the go then i'll think about premium.
i really love the app, but i would like to know why my ads are in chinese_ please fix this. other than that, awesome
i love the app, and i have no problem. just a small question, why, since this last update, am i getting the ads during the now playing in japanese instead of english_
complete bullshit shows ads every two songs pls don't get unless you want ads every two songs
it was the best but now u can only shuffle songs and not pick them and u can only skip like 5 to 7 songs and it used to be unlimited with no ads so change it back or u lost a user and probably many more
the new android advert stops you from being able to pause rewind etc from the lock screen. fix in next update please and i will change review to 5 star
i used to have this on my computer and i loooved it,better than pandora honestlly. but its a little confising on my phone. the ads are cool, they arent as annoying as others these promote cool movies. when i figure out exactllt how to use it on my mobile i might give it 5 stars. goodjob to everyone who works to make this app happen_
soundcloud _ better, no limits, sound quality, greater than spotify with extreme sound, no ads, just a lot better than spotify and is free_
you know when you have to watch an ad that gives you 30 minutes of ad free music well, turns out to be fake and an ad fest. i just watched the _sponsored_ video and when it was done i skipped one of my songs and guess what_ another ad....this really disappoints me.
on tablets it just gives me premium without me buying it, but on my phone it says i have to buy it. there are constant adverts on it saying 'everyone should have music in their lives', well how can they if u r making us pay just so they can listen without wifi, or with no adverts_ just please add premium and i'll put 5. also, recommended songs _ no no no
the breaks and adverts annoy me and the you  cant pick a song after six choices is stupid but all in all the app is ok
i have the free version on my laptop and it's awsome_ but on the free version on my phone there's adverts, you can't go on it offline, it has to be shuffle play, u can't fast forward or back on the songs..if u get spotify on your phone you should get the premium. but it's around 10 pounds a month_
the volume for adverts is much louder than the music. adverts are also untersperced between movements in clasical music. don't mind having adverts at beginning or end of  pieces but not in the middle and not so loud its painful. paid option is ridiculously expecive for my level of listening.
this app makes you listen to what it wants you to listen to, and is always pressuring you to buy the premium, also too many ads, but you'll have to upgrade to premium to fix that.
i love spotify. i don't mind getting the ads every now and then but i can't stand the video ads. i don't have very good internet connection so whenever a video ad comes on spotify is basically stuffed. i have to spend minutes for 3 seconds of ad to load. its a really bad implementation for people with substandard internet connection. give me an option to close or skip the video ad or even download it in the background while i'm listening to music. anything would be an improvment please fix the video ads
spotify is a great app. i love it. but when they give you ads, it'll be the complete opposite music and that personally i don't want to hear. that's probably my only problem with spotify, other than that it's great
omg the sound quality awesome. but i dont wanna pay for no ads
the ads cut the last seconds of the song off. it's irritating. and it doesn't play the right cover for each song. i was listening to promise by ciara and the cover that came up was million by tink. i liked how it used to be. so close to deleting spotify.
whenever i tap on the banner for 30 ad free minutes, ads still play during the thirty minutes.
i don't understand why on spotify for desktop you can play any song but for mobile you have to shuffle music. also, there's too many advertisements. fix this and i will rate 5 stars.
from a company that offers a worldwide service and even advertises the availability of its service where ever you are i expect an app that indeed does this. if i am in australia for holidays and i cannot login to my account because i am not in my home country what is it worth then_ even if it were about different property rights in different countries you could just lock the songs not being allowed to be played. it can't be that difficult, can it_
when i was trying to get my baby to sleep with some disney songs the ad for the gallows came on and she started crying and i don't want premium so could we choose what ads can come on or even a filter
it is an awesome app i have over 100_200 songs on there lol also people stop tripping about premium it's only 99 cents for 3 months then after the three months are up it is 99 cents stop tripping about the ads if you dont like them get premium it is that simple you simpletons and i have not had any problems using the app whatsoever so calm yourselves_ darn_ it_
wish there was no ads for everyone....
on my tablet no ads ever pop up this app is amazing
i've used this app for such a long time and had no problems. now, when it says the ad thing for 30 minutes of ad free music, it acts like i clicked no thanks even though i didn't. also when i'm playing music, the app suddenly stops the music when i'm in another app. honestly i would've submitted this through another thing where i could give feedback, but this has to do. like i said, this app just now started becoming trash. if if isn't fixed within the next update i'm deleting it. also shuffling doesn't wor
honestly, the structure of the free version puts me off hugely. fair enough, have adverts, that is necessary for a this kind of thing. the whole force_shuffling albums is frankly a dick move. there's no need for it. i have uninstalled and will continue using youtube for my music which is 100_ free, and has less adverts and no force_shuffle bullshit lock on it.
too many ads
no ads for 30 minutes awesome_
this is by far the best music streaming service i have ever used. period. no ads. any song i want to listen to. in extreme quality. all for just _9.99 a month_ apple music and pandora are no competition for spotify_ _
gets stuck in ads. have to completely shut down and start again. annoying
it gets stuck by those useless ads... so if i want to hear my music i can't because it got stuck with the ad. please fix that.
great app if you want to choose your own music for free. still, there are the ads, but you can get a free week of premium music. _0.99 for 3 months, and then _10 a month for premium.
great app if you want to choose your own music for free. still, there are the ads, but you can get a free week of premium music. _0.99 for 3 months, and then _10 a month for premium.
premium is the way to go bc you can pick any song anytime and download for offline listening to save data. changed how i handle music and honestly _10.81 after tax is nothing compared to itunes. hardly no bugs or glitches, you won't regret getting it, guarantee it. as for asking for it to be free means the quality will drastically go down, more ads, slower service, and possibly less content. i'm sure even a teenager can afford ten bucks a month seriously. got about 10 people to subscribe, no rewards_
premium is the way to go bc you can pick any song anytime and download for offline listening to save data. changed how i handle music and honestly _10.81 after tax is nothing compared to itunes. hardly no bugs or glitches, you won't regret getting it, guarantee it. as for asking for it to be free means the quality will drastically go down, more ads, slower service, and possibly less content. i'm sure even a teenager can afford ten bucks a month seriously. got about 10 people to subscribe, no rewards_
i love this app so much because there's not a lot of ads
i love this app so much because there's not a lot of ads
this is the best music app i've tried. i can create my own playlist and add any music i want to it for free. the only thing i dislike is that some of the ads aren't fully appropriate for younger people. i understand that there needs to be ads, but please make them appropriate for all audiences. thank you.
this is the best music app i've tried. i can create my own playlist and add any music i want to it for free. the only thing i dislike is that some of the ads aren't fully appropriate for younger people. i understand that there needs to be ads, but please make them appropriate for all audiences. thank you.
the only problem with me is i can't really find playlists that are good for some of my moods and ads keep popping up. please remove the are you on your period ad cause it's disturbing. thats all. so far great app_
the only problem with me is i can't really find playlists that are good for some of my moods and ads keep popping up. please remove the are you on your period ad cause it's disturbing. thats all. so far great app_
i wish i could get rid of that chinese aunty vo ads _ for free. other than that, top_notch_
i wish i could get rid of that chinese aunty vo ads _ for free. other than that, top_notch_
just the ads need to go
just the ads need to go
i realize that ads are necessary to turn a profit, but having poorly executed ads are just cruel. while sleeping to relaxation music after being awake for my medical work since 3am, spotify decided it was pertinent to play a loud ad for acdc inbetween native american flute relaxation. no, i'm not paying for a subscription now or ever, and this kind of ad placement definitely won't convince me otherwise. uninstalled.
i realize that ads are necessary to turn a profit, but having poorly executed ads are just cruel. while sleeping to relaxation music after being awake for my medical work since 3am, spotify decided it was pertinent to play a loud ad for acdc inbetween native american flute relaxation. no, i'm not paying for a subscription now or ever, and this kind of ad placement definitely won't convince me otherwise. uninstalled.
the app is amazing, but the ads are too loud.
the app is amazing, but the ads are too loud.
freezes after every ad, doesn't let you choose your own song, and then it won't let you skip more than 4 or 5 songs. it keeps suggesting songs too,  like i want more advertisements for things i wasn't there to listen to.
freezes after every ad, doesn't let you choose your own song, and then it won't let you skip more than 4 or 5 songs. it keeps suggesting songs too,  like i want more advertisements for things i wasn't there to listen to.
spotify is available please kn dangdut.sy ad copy songs ideals citata 1 je her pain was horrible song disini.buat la mcm itunes nye wrote ideals citata if he smue songs there.
when it works, this app is pretty great_ the ads aren't overly annoying. recently i've been going to listening to music and an as will start _i understand cause i have the free version_ but then no music will play. close the app, bring it back up, same thing. click the shuffle play button and it tells me to get premium to listen to music whenever i want or something like that. i just want to listen to _my songs_ on random_
love the selection and i'm fine with the ads in the free edition, but it updates as much as itunes.  why update so much when there are no new features_
the free version is good _has a lot of ads_ paying premium really just removes ads , it freezes time to time when going app to app but overall its dope
the free 30 minutes without ads are just lies
i just wish you can chose the music with out having to pay like if u want to keep it running u need money 4 it they will still pay 4 the music anywhere and no ads so yeah and 2 more things sometimes i have perfect internet like i'm watching twich and a ad comes up and it freezes and i have to restart my phone if i want to listen to music and the last thing i hate the suggested songs 99.99_ of the time i hate it so plz change and fix plz.also 60_ of the time the search button dissapears
the best ones the spotify ads
this used to be a decent music service for not having premium but now almost every time you go to a new playlist you get an ad and i got two 30 second ads in a row plus the 8 after the ads to wait for my music to play dissapointing _
your new sam hunt _ bose ad is crashing spotify . fix
ever since i got spotify for my computer it was always a bum that i couldn't be able to get it on mobile because i had to go premium. but now that i can take my music on the go is like heaven in your pocket. spotify let's you access thousands of songs for free and you can also add playlist, radio based on what you have heard, and it also makes it easy to share with friends. this app is like pandora but much much better. the idea that you get so much but you only get very little ads is something awesome.
they promise me 30 minutes with no ads if i watch a video but even if i watch it i get ads 10 minutes later...
it keeps freezing up the music and ads and it is getting annoying_please fix
i don't mind the ads but it would be great if it doesn't buffer like i have a very slow connection.
i use the free spotify _can't really justify paying _120 a year essentially for no adverts_ and since the recent update i've seen the search bar once. i know from reading through other reviews that this isn't exclusive to free users, so if this is just an attempt to get people to upgrade to get their search function back, it isn't working. i really like this service, but fear i may have to resort to using apple's music streamer instead, something i don't want to do at all. please fix this problem asap.
ads all the time and just shuffle .. sooo bad app
absolutely pathetic. the app only allows you to shuffle, with ads, and then it doesn't allow you to press 'next', and then after about 7 songs it no longer lets you listen to anything for a period of time. get it together, spotify.
i don't even pay but this app put pandora to shame. finds almost every song i want, ads aren't suffocating or consistent, and don't hinder the mood, and has plenty of features. absolutely great for those who listen to almost every genre like myself_
music plays really smoothly and the ads are really short really music can't get much better than this, only thing is the three dot button next to the songs should really be in a different spot or bigger cause i keep pressing the slider by accident and going down the list
i hope, the premium edition of spotify is not included. as in tje ads, we have free access to this app as long as we have internet. but it would be better if we have an access even though we dont have internet connection. that's all, i guess. _
the music is fine if you have premium. the free version is next to pointless with ads and shuffle which just repeats the same few songs. also i would consider taking it down a few dollars. i think that 13_ is asking a bit much just to stream music
i hate all the ads and you cannot skip songs_
i've always had spotify but now it won't even let u search the music u want plus it should be like utube having all the songs not just half the songs_plus ain't nobody gonna buy premium just to have no ads u should already have no ads_'_
glitches after ads are done. after ads are finished my music doesn't come back on. on tablet you can click the music and don't have to shuffle but on moblie you have to really thats just messed up. i hate shuffling on mobile its a rip off.
i had spotify premium for 6 months. loved it and everything that it did. unfortunately i'm to frugal to pay for something i can get for free. i hate the ads on the free version, but that's where they get they're money from when people don't pay. that being said, i still use the free version with none of the benefits of premium...and i still love this app.
too many ads and they are too long also i would prefer if it recommended music too. and how do you even get premium _
lately there have been way too many ads, also some of them are over five years old. it's also now more taps to get to my music.
since the last update no search button and i like to search for my fav aritsts and video advert keeps stopping so i can't play music plz fix this
clicked on one of the constant stream of ads for 3 months for 99 cents and instead i got charged 9.99 for 1 month...after contacting customer support i'm informed that's only for new accounts....guess maybe they should have mentioned that in the ad...probably mentioned it in some incredible long terms of service agreement or some other ridiculous scam contract
for free we should be able to do exactly what itunes does_       1. search for songs.             2. play anything, anytime.            all we should have to go through is ads. that is it. you guys get paid _13_nz_ a month for ad_free listening and you get paid by artists to actually promote their music. no wonder why there are more itunes listeners than spotify. i am going to switch to itube until these items are attended to.
spotify gets any artist from and time period and has it at your fingertips. even without premium you can create your own playlists and have your favorite songs right there. the ads aren't constant and only _2 for any song, any time, no ads, and you can get the songs offline. that's great. if you have a problem with the app its probably your phone or service. this app is great, no doubt.
everything about this app is getting progressively worse. from the ads to the variety during radios.
it plays great music but the ads they are too much
search bar gets hidden almost every time, skips songs as if it were a 90's cd player and the data usage is too high because of ads
this app is super duper awesome i don't know what all you other people are talking about but this app doesn't doesn't give me any problems there is no freezing there is nothing to worry about but just a little bit of the ads but otherwise this is the best i've ever had my life
it's great but a lot of advertisements
this app was good until the recent update. now my music will play an just stop and when i open the app it will restart the song. i will listen to an add for 30 minutes of ad free music and after my music stops. the song will restart and right after there's an app. this app used to be the the best. now it's a joke. i'll just buy my own music and use pandora.
great app, good choice of music, but too many adverts
i'm enjoying a song and then it skips to the next song. i have never had any problems with this app, and i have subscribed to it for the longest time_  i always recommend it to everyone, to the point where they think spotify pays me to advertise for them. i am so heart broken and disappointed. sad to say, but i think i am gonna cancel my sub and use a different music app unless i can get it back the way it was.
won't play anything on my phone and i already uninstalled many times and it still won't work. no music just some ad kept popping up asking if i wanted premium it may work for you but it won't work for me
well, for one,  they didn't take away the search feature. dunno where you got that from. two,  ten bucks isn't that bad.  it's like buying one album every month, cheaper even. if you just want to try it out,  try the _3 months for 1_ deal. or the student discount, which is _4.99. do you expect no ads and no shuffle on the free version_ thats idiotic. plus, if you switch to pandora, its literally the same thing you're complaining about. oh, and if you have a tablet, get it there, no shuffle_
it said if i watched the ad, i wouldn't have ads for 30 minutes but i had an ad after 20 minutes. it also didn't give me the 'no keep the ads' option
search option disappears, ads kill the app requiring reboot. too much hassle even for free.
love spotify because you can play all tipe of music any time any where. you can send it to people and make you're on list, and delete music if you don't like it_it's the best thing ever_no ads
_10 already seemed like it would be too much for me so i tried the free version first.  i can live with ads, but this has to be one of the most poorly constructed apps ever.  navigation is weird, shuffle play sucks, just not a great app.  deleting it
i'm fine with ads and all that by i at least want to search and create my own playlists with certain songs
the reason im mad is cause they said you can listen to spotify free offline but i got to pay .99 cents to do so and after three months of that it goes to 9.99. i still like spotify it but don't make false ads on the computer.
this app is alright i hate the ads
no search feature, and i hate the disturbing ads so much
i love this app... either using tablet or a pc_ ads are no issue to me.
its a grate app but how do you stop the ads
way too many ads everytime i change station or song, even if i just got through listening to a whole set of ads it will play them again
remove some ads
just get so fed up with the adverts as i haven't got premium all i won't to do is listen to my songs in peace and not keep getting pressure to get premium every 3 songs goes on for a minute why why do spotify feel its ok to pressure people in to paying for something extra whilst spoiling the enjoyment app at the same all about the money i'm sick of company's like this what do you actually give the customer in return nothing but grief
i dont like it when i am in the mood of a song and then an ad pops up and i am definitely not paying for premium. if this happens again i am going for pandora
it sucks honestly , u have to pay 9.99 to listen to music otherwise you are bombarded with bunch of stupid ads  .every time i download it it crashes and i have to reinstall it again and again until it stops crashing. the other problem is it doesn't have the songs and singers u wanna listen too so it s not worth paying 9.99 or 12.99
i like it but i don't know on how to do in listening offline..too many ads
fantastic app and service. only thing missing is alternative skins, it looks a bit drab all in black. i must say though, the amount of people moaning about this app is hilarious. _i can only use shuffle and there are ads wahhh_ er, yes, that's because you're using the free version of a music streaming service.  pay for premium and get the full service including offline playback. what, you expect to get music for completely free with no inconvenience_ then go and be a parasite and download it with torrents.
no search, even more adverts and i can't select any music except for on shuffle_ i thought of buying premium but not when it's like this_
reduce the ads please.
if you guys hate the ads, then just go for the premium version. as for me, i don't really care about the ads since it is free, you don't expect everything to be there right_ so long as i can listen to my fav music i am happy already. thanks dev_ keep on improving_
i've love spotify, i've used it for 3 years now and i use it to bike,hike,run,in the car, and anywherne pretty much. but the advertisement that says _watch this short add to receive the next 30 min of add free music_ is a rip off_ i get these adds like almost every to songs i listen to. i at least get an add every 5 to 10 min.  the 30 min add free needs to be fixed_ to actual _30 min of add free music_
ugh i hate ads but whatever
really with the ads
before the ad thing was ok play one ad and then several songs later it will do the same...but lately the i get bombarded with ads after ads, three to four ads are played instead of the usual one per a certain number of ads wtf_ oh and to make things worse when i hear the watch a video to get 30mins of no ads i'm forced to do it because other wise i get 3 ads after that _little ad_ this used to be a good app until the abuse of ads
this app used to be great. now, even after listening to the ad for ad free 30 minutes of play time, spotify throws in totally inappropriate and intrusive  _suggested_ selections into the playlist. after the billing issues with the paid version, i'm done with spotify.
to many ads
spotify was amazing. i used it exclusively because of the scarcity of ad's, but now, that is not the case. there is a ridiculous amount of audio and video ads that interupted you and yell at you to buy their premium to even use this app_ as of now, it is almost unbearable because the amount of ad's. please remember how great you were before you broke yourself.
it's alright on tablet but sucks on phone. i wish that the phone version was like the tablet version being able to select your specific song and skip as much as you want with the payment of an ad. i only have it on my tablet now, just losing customers.
the shuffle button is perfectly fine for non_premium users, but at least let us press the _next song_ button. i don't mind the ads, or random songs playing in my playlist when they aren't supposed to be there, but it's currently quite frustrating to use the app since i can't even foward to the next song. other than that, it is an awesome app for replacing piracy_
the shuffle songs always play the same music over and over with no variety. constantly throw ads at you even right after you watch one for 30 minutes of ad free. very few skips. unless you get the premium version its not even worth trying.
has spanish ads
won't play any music unless i purchase the ad free premium
maybe if i had the premium service, it would be a little better. way worse than the old version. can't play any songs on this app, and the ads are far more frequent than on the desktop version. one of the few things it lets you do is play as radio stations _similar to pandora_ looks like i'm stuck with the other app _ another glorified radio station
as a student, the premium subscription at 50_ off is excellent. when subscribed, all the songs i could possibly want _minus the beatles_ are at my fingertips with no ads. spotify is weakest when i allow the service complete control in playing a radio tailored to a playlist.
i used to love this app, but lately is has gone downhill.  i don't mind the ads as i can create a playlist of songs i don't own and listen to them on shuffle.  lately though it has started throwing in _suggested songs_ into my shuffle.  if i wanted suggested songs i would use the radio option.  now i have to burn my limited number of skips on the stupid suggestions.  i just had 3 suggested songs in the span of 10 minutes, one of which was a freaking christmas song _it's july_.  i understand suggesting songs for small playlists, but i have over 30 songs on this particular mix i use for work.  let me choose when i want to explore new songs using the radio.  back to pirating so i can listen to the songs i actually want to listen to.
spotify used to be my favorite music app but after it started acting up i barely use it. it never loads and it randomly stops my music in the middle of an ad or song which is really annoying. also when i try to use the app or listen to a playlist it always says im _offline_ when im online and it  doesn't play anything. i switched to soundcloud and pandora and i never have this issue. please fix_
its so great when it starts off saying the next 30 minutes is ad free.....two _unskipped_ songs later im listening to an ad about cosmetics.  literally a retarded app.  keep playing the same songs over and over again, but its all good.....cause its free, son_
when i first started using free version it was fine but every update the problems add up. wont close unless i force it to stop and the commercials are getting rediculous. i get trying to make money with ads but every time i switch to another artist i have to hear 20 min of the same annoying ads and 5 min of music in between the ads. the only thing this app has going for it anymore is making playlists.
when i shuffle all you do is play ads. i can't even listen to the songs i like anymore. i wish i would have never deleted pandora.
paid for the trial premium and i don't have access to download or listen ad free.
i love spotify the only problem is the stupid ads but i've learned to survive
i hate how it keeps telling me to upgrade to premium, then has 2 more ads right after. please fix that
it maded my son cry becuase of the ads. i wish we dont have to pay that bullshit.
i have been searching literally all over the globe to find an app that allows me to listen to nothing but ads and then i like the fact they want us to pay for no ads love it _
i don't have the money to pay for premium but that doesn't mean you need to make me suffer with an ad after every single song. also app stops opening. fix this.
ads, ads, ads _and songs that were not what i asked
there was so many adverts
i like it better on android because its basicly like free premium but still has ads. love it. better on play store. spotify on apple is _
_watch this short ad for 30 minutes of ad free music._ well guess what spotify, by the time that ad is over, i'm already at my destination and music is no longer a priority. maybe you should ask to watch an ad 1 or 2 songs after they just opened your app_
besides the ads are very annoying, the app has the music you hear. you can not choose songs unless you're q premium and you can not skip songs. like crap
it's great but i hate those things that are like _here's 30 minutes of ad_free music thanks to this sponsor_ like that's really annoying i honestly don't care if there are ads so can you not bring that up every 10 minutes_ like when i press shuffle play on my music that pops up then i go to my playlist and it pops up. it's more annoying than the ads.
the premium ad won't go away even though i click the no thanks button. and it doesn't even show the ad, just a useless link_ wtf_
i like everything but the ads.
3 songs 1 minute advert,3 songs 1 minute advert why just because i don't have premium it spoils listening to any music if it didn't have thus it would be a great way to listen to my music but i feel as i feel i'm being forced to pay for premium and i don't want it
the premium ad won't go away even though i click the no thanks button.
it's fun but i dont like the ads
i dont mind the ads now and then but it freezes. mainly the stupid sponsored ads completely freezes my phone resulting in me turning my phone on and off multiple times. even when i press the ' i dont mind ads' thing it still plays it anyway.aside that i dont rate the music choices at all and it doesnt even allow you a free offline trial anymore
really bad whenever it's time to play an ad. i will almost always have to restart the app.
it's like pandora and iheartradio. want to know what's different_ it enjoys shoving its premium advertisements down your throat_ 10_10 went to youtube mp3 converter.
great app but i have a 5 second overlap in songs and this make ads come in before the song finishes. fix this and its perfect
could make the ads shorter but loved it especially on my ps4
where the hell is the search button_ and ads innerupt in the middle of songs, i'm fine with ads just don't put them in the middle of songs.
this app sucks big time. don't use it_  you'll lose your music. my playlist disappeared but if i upgraded to premium i could retrieve it ... yet they advertise free music.. not_
kidz bop advertises on it.
30 mins ad free commercial get way to repetitive not to meantion they are a ay to long im starting to thing that rejecting them takes less time. also no matter what you're doing it makes you watch the video without asking you. fortunately i've only been affected by this when playing games but ok could really screw things up if i were to do important things. something that might make it worth it would be watch video for free skip
after using pandora _advertisement free version_ i was recommended spotify by multiple people,  so i decided to give it a try.  the result, 100_ better in every way, plus far more affordable.
install for music _3  love it can't complain with this... but it's the ads that annoyed me
it used to be good but now you can't play your own music ad i can't add any music to my playlist
went premium and it's worth it. had no problems finding any song or album. being able to listen offline helps, no interruptions and being able to skip more than 5 tunes a day which the free version only let's u do. also no adverts. unfortunately i can't connect to my xbox1 so only 3_'s now. but at _10 a month that's _120 a year a lot of money.there's no choice to subscribe yearly. considering canceling my subscription as i've been premium for over a year. never been offered any discount or anything _
after the latest update, i see nothing to complain but just those ads. is it just me or are they more constant than ever
limited skips and annoying ads.  ads wake me up from sleep everytime i listen on my spotify playlist
battery drain. too much pay me, pay me, pay me, bullshit advertisements and blocks on features. no thanks, soundcloud and poweramp for me_
everything is great you van listen to great music and a verity of misic for you to listen to, the only thing is that sometimes it freezes on the ad. but besides that everything is great
this app make your phone show ads every time you unlock phone. stay away.
i've been using spotify for over a year now and there's a reason why it's ranked _1 in streaming. i've tried rhapsody and it was ok but spotify has pretty much everything u want to listen to it is missing some music and sorry taylor swift fans she's not on here. the app does have its problems every now and then but after restarting ur phone it fixes it most of the time. overall i'm happy with it and for 10 bucks unlimited streaming with no ads completely worth it.
its annoying when i skipped one song and you showed me 3 advertisement in a row.
it works great for me no lag and no pop up ads
love the fact you can make it more personalized than pandora less ads than pandora just overall better
it's almost perfect. the ads won't freaking load though. so i can't even listen to music because i can't get the ads to finish.
same review as with older version. when ads comes on the app will freeze on the spotify announcement prior to the ad. stays like that even if i close the app or try to change play lists. does not happen as frequently as the prior version however.
too many ads skip drm.. and not enough reasons for a subscription no matter what spitify ads will have you believe
i do like this music streaming service most out of one's like pandora or iheartradio because i can listen to the exact artist i want, without a mix of other people intertwined within the station. i don't like the constant ads, but i guess that comes with any app that is free. all in all very good
just get so fed up with the adverts as i haven't got premium all i won't to do is listen to my songs in peace and not keep getting pressure to get premium every 3 songs goes on for a minute why
i just wish you can chose the music with out having to pay like if u want to keep it running u need money 4 it they will still pay 4 the music anywhere and no ads so yeah and 2 more things sometimes i have perfect internet like i'm watching twich and a ad comes up and it freezes and i have to restart my phone if i want to listen to music and the last thing i hate the suggested songs 99.99_ of the time i hate it so plz change and fix plz.
one of the best apps for music streaming. i'd highly recommend paying the subscription just to avoid listening to the adverts.
top much trash suggested songs_ too much ads and the 30 minutes without ads are fake_ after 2 songs the ads will popup again_ worst music app ever_  even worse_ now the stupid and horrible suggested songs are putted evey 2 songs_ orrible service and app_
i don't mind ads playing like a radio station, but when you fill my inbox with crap, you gotta go
why the hell do i have ads interrupting my songs _ play lists when i have the full paid app_ disgusting. will switch to another provider if this happens again
stop playing irrelevant pop ads when im listening to jazz_
this app ad of crap....it won't even begin to download from playstore yet when i go to spotify website it says i have it installed already. where dafuq is it_
can you please stop sending me notifications about the reduced price offer only to tell me i can't have it. you are repeatedly hitting me with false advertising_
most of the times spotify works fine but because i don't have premium, there are always a bunch of ads. this is expected but sometimes, there are no ads to play so the app just stops playing music. i have to uninstall the app the install it again for it to start working properly again. i have to do this frequently so it's now getting on my nerves. i do not want to get premium but i still want to listen to music, so if this bug is not fixed in the next update, i'm just going to uninstall it.
every time an ad pops out it freezes and never unfreezes please fix it._
wouldn't even play the first song before hasseling me to upgrade to the ad free version_ uninstalled_
u have to pay to pick the song your playing in your playlist otherwise it just shuffles and there's always ads for paying coming up this app might be good for people who don't mind paying but if u don't want to pay it can get a bit fuastrating
pity the music isn't as loud as the adverts.
whenever there's an ad, it won't continue playing music after the ad and then i can't use it for the rest of the day.
no chromecast support, _unlike all other music players_ ads aren't very useful if you like the service, the recommending songs feature is a hit or miss okay, but i can't give it anything more than that. also there is no material design_ it looks so out of place compared to every other app_
when ever the ad comes on, it just stops playing and i have to uninstall and reinstall the app and it's getting annoying. please fix_
pretends to be broken when you try to unsubscribe to an insane level of ad notifications.
tenner a month is too much when i can download my music online for free. false advertising as it says free but its not. logged me out and deleted all my music. keeps deleting all my music_
great ad free music listening before the update_ annoying ad will disturb your listening after every few songs telling you to update and the worst part is you cant skip the ad and listen to the whole damn thing
i can't even use the app for music it just keeps giving me pop up ads to buy the premium version and from the comments i've been reading that version sucks too
it used to be one of my favorite apps. it now has become unresponsive, very slow and even searches take forever. what more advertising does apple need to launch their new service_ spotify fix your program or give us the option to roll back updates and install previous versions. unhappy user with a 10 _m subscription, yes i do pay for services, but get too little quality to make it really worthwile.
with an enormous selection of songs and playlists, spotify is likely the best application available for audio streaming. even without a premium subscription, you'll still be able to listen to high quality music with non_intrusive advertising.
no complaints, works as advertised.
i can cope with all the limitations of the free version. but i am a premium subscriber and, unlike what is advertised, the sound quality is not better.
the app will not let me play music at times. the ad is displayed about 30 minutes of free music but it does nothing else. it doesn't happen all the time but it's pretty annoying when it does. otherwise great app
i like this app but the stupid advertising videos are annoying
i love his app. but i dont like all the advertisement. and i have no ideo how to look up other playlist_ is that possible_ someone help me please
i deleted it because the ads came too frequently. half ads half music
i love this app, but the only thing i don't like are the ads. i use the music sometimes to sleep, but i always have to wake up to turn the volume down or mute when the ads come. it also disturbs my parents because i have the volume up and they can hear it
phone app is terrible.  it needs to work more like the computer program.  my main issue with the app is that almost every single time there is a break that says watch this short video or listen to this ad...it completely freezes. even if i shut down the app and restart it several times, it will still be stuck on that screen. this has been going on for many months and it has still not been fixed. i have to assume that this is a bug but it really should have been corrected at this point after so long.
spotify offers an amazing music service for everyone_ the free version allows you to listen to all of your favorites based on genre, title, album, or artist. by buying premium you have all of this with no ads, unlimited skips, and the ability to download music for offline use. so all in all the service in combination with the fact it is in fact multiplatform allowing you to listen to spotify from anywhere anytime_ i would definitely recommend spotify to anybody_ give it a try_ after all it is free_
i've had it since march so about 3 months and it's worked fine until now. if i'm playing from my playlist or my library about halfway into the song it just stops. the little icon in the notification bar disappears and i have to wait for the app to open again. the only thing i can listen to without that happening is the radios but i really want my playlists back _ and my ads are in spanish now..._ it gets annoying so please fix it_
i just paid for the extra package and now it won't even log on...and it bogs my screen with app notifications of it not working even after i send a report. i just want to listen to my music with no ads. is the free version better_ please say no
love the app, hate the ads though, and i aint getting the membership.
so recently, i've noticed that whenever an advertisement plays on spotify for an ad free 30_minutes, it tells me to listen to the following sponsor but it never plays the following ad, not allowing me to listen to music at all because i need to hear the ad first. problem is, the ad doesnt play and im stuck in limbo with no music. help spotify_ _
so recently, i've noticed that whenever an advertisement plays on spotify for an ad free 30_minutes, it tells me to listen to the following sponsor but it never plays the following ad, not allowing me to listen to music at all because i need to hear the ad first. problem is, the ad doesnt play and im stuck in limbo with no music. help spotify_ _
i love this app especially the artist radio mode. all the music i want is in one place. i dont even have to upgrade to premium because i love the feel of spotify ads. has some bugs here and there but most of the time, it works perfectly fine. _'_
the best music app but the adverts and 'suggested songs' are really really annoying.
keep getting _30 minutes ad free_ to watch two ads then get five mins of laggy better off with the ads music. skip limiting makes me just stop using it as it plays the same two songs out of many that make me wanna drive into a tree then it lags some more on only a few stations with full service other more scrappy stations work fine.. ..your reccomended stations you _like_ make me wonder if you even listen to that junk
i can't see the tracks on my lock screen sometimes i can't see the ads to get 30 min of no comercials . sometimes the music replays .
i just paid for the extra package and now it won't even log on...and it bogs my screen with app notifications of it not working even after i send a report. i just want to listen to my music with no ads. is the free version better_ please say no
used to be a good app but  then i took the premium trial and ever since that ended whenever i try to listen offline,instead of being able to download the songs,the ad for the premium comes up and i can't listen offline anymore.
i don't see why people are giving it low rates if you don't want ads than pay and their only like 30 seconds smh
its so important to let me know about premium for the 200th time that it froze its self playing the ad. had to uninstall and cant get back on the same account. all on my way to work on the train when all i  wanted was to zone out to some music too. never usung spotify again sorry lost your chance. going back to pandora i guess
after the advertisement is locked. i have to close the app and reopen it ... also, playlist with 7 songs. play and part advertising. start a suggested song that step, another begins, and leave. subsequently 3 suggested songs. even advertising and even a suggested song .... what do i do to make the play then_
every time the macdonald's ad comes on it screws my phone up
i love it but i don't like how the ads are disagree shorter apart than thirty minutes. also, some songs i want aren't there and the limited slips annoy me. but overall, a nice free app.
you have to pay if you don't want ads.i payed twice.
i've had this app for a while noe and before it was fine but now it gives me way to many advertisements . even after it says i get 30 minutes without ads , it continues to give it to me.  about to switch what i use
i've had this app for a while noe and before it was fine but now it gives me way to many advertisements . even after it says i get 30 minutes without ads , it continues to give it to me.  about to switch what i use
spotify really is a great app. i love it. been using it for forever. one recent problem though, ads cut off the last minute or so of the song. please fix, not uninstalling just mildly annoyed.
listen, if i want to listen music i should be able to listen to the song i want to listen to without getting suggested other songs. i know that there is a better version where you have to pay money some people don't want to pay. i get see advertisements but putting suggested songs is really stupid because some people don't like the song i mean i know you can skip them but if you keep  that should be something that comes with the app that you don't because half of the songs that come on as suggested i do not
the best radio music. .u put in the artist you wanna hear. n you hear their music and similar  music. hardly any advertisement  _
i understand advertisement but i don't need to pop every second in my phone that i can't hit listen to next song
love my music without the ads and when im offline. and only _5 a month for students
too many ads. stops playing in the middle randomly. asking for a google play rate always. no playing individual songs like tablet. sad _
i have more than 1 complaint.1st off spotify has been removing music. spotify recently removed marilyn manson's holy wood and some of korn's songs_albums_too long to list_and more songs by more artists.the ads don't come every 30 minutes its more like every 20 or 15 minutes.takes 2 long to load and takes up 2 much space.won't let me play music unless i don't have wifi_ which makes no sense so i have to use 3g which costs me extra on my data plan. songs r repetitive. can some1 tell me y spotify is doing this
hate it download all my songs and can't play them_ _ everytime i push play i get an ad no music_ _ thought it was free_ if i got to pay to listen then i'm going to browse for something that's free to download_ _peace_
i love it but i got an ad for a movie when i was trying to sleep and someone got murdered in the ad and i couldn't get to sleep after that_
commercials need to go and ads
i wish i could at least get to listen to music without wifi connection without having to pay for a subscription. i'm ok with the ads but i wish i could listen on the go without paying.
it would be brilliant if users could assign ring tone..i mean after all we are already paying for the usage of it and it would only serve to advertise how awesome sportify is.
most times when i click _watch video,_ i'll be watching a video so i don't have to deal with ads. but sometimes, it won't pull up a video, and won't let me listen to music. it'll stay on the screen, asking me to watch a video. i have to uninstall and reinstall just so i can listen to my music.
if you don't upgrade all you can do is listen to songs at random. even the playlist you make_ they throw in _song suggestions_, which plays random songs even in your playlist of set songs.... also, ads are constant _more than once a half hour unlike what it says._
i don't mind listening to the ads on the free version, however the ads about premium are freezing the app. very annoying. 1 star til this is fixed.
at first,this was a really good app. i used it every single day_no problem. but then i downgraded to normal because i cant afford to pay _10 a month for an app and it started freezing all the time. sometimes it says its going to play an ad and it doesnt play the ad or music its just quiet, and then when i tap on shuffle, it tells me to upgrade to premium. this app isnt worth _10 a month. maybe like _2.99 or something, but not 10. and now all it does is just tick me off. fix this man. youre better than this
when it starts an ad it freezes and won't finish the add whether i click it or click no thanks. please fix this because i like the app but that is really annoying.
push advertising a paid customer
keeps eternally pausingnon the ads and will play a song one second then pause, play then pause. impossible to even use at this point_
i love that there are both old and new songs, and you can basically find anything. the ads aren't really that annoying either, and premium seems like such a great deal i'm thinking of getting it.
won't let me download i have it on my phone and all the dumb ads and shuffle play is very stupid....fix.
the ads can be a pain in the ass but i still love it
it always has that ad that says 'wanna get rid of the ads' when no ads are popping up but that one.
when the ads came on it glitches
i'll change it back to 4 or 5 stars when spotify pulls back the stupid pop up ads_ isn't the ads during the songs enough_
it's ok. plays music but as soon as i get an ad it freezes.
why do i get advertisements when i listen to spotify on my android tablet if i'm at home using my own home hub_ .
too aggressive ads
i use to like this app now i have to pay just to listen to music_ without ads wow i really dont care about the ads i  just want to hear music. i can live with ads. plus  you shouldn't make people pay, because some of us don't have a job or credit card.
i wrote a long review, and hit the wrong button, and i'm not rewriting it. just simply, its ten bucks per month for premium. less than the amount you pay for your coffee drink every day for a month. unlimited music, playlists, skips... everything_ if you're on the fence, just do it. they even have a free plan if you don't mind ads. go on, give the cloud what it's due.
would be better if there was not that many ads
way too many ads, i can't pick a song of my playlists, a limited amount of skips. all these totally ruin my listening experience. do not download.
i have spotify on my kindle and phone, and its amazing_ very few ads, favorite songs, make my own playlist, its perfect_ so, that's why i love it_
it has all my favorige songs gives you the option to skip ads for 30 minutes just by watching a 30 second video
for a non premium member, this app gives you music you love, yes in shuffle but the quality is amazing and what more could you ask for. even better with the adverts anyway, i mean who doesnt want to get to the point of remembering adverts of by heart because you decided to skip one too many times_ this app is great keep it up_
ads are prominent and unskippable. not worth it even if it's free.
this app is really good its just i hate it when ads come on
every time that _next 30 minutes are free_ ad comes on, the app freezes up and i have to force stop it to get it working again. please fix this.
all these adverts claiming spotify is now free on mobile are bogus. find an album and it refuses to play it in order, have to skip to find the track i want but run out of skips before hitting the pay wall. instant_uninstall.
to many ads
it has better sound quality than the songs i already own. the main issue is it will play the same song 2_3 times back to back. or play a song, advertisement, same song, then repeat the song you just heard before that song.
evrey single time i delete a song, they play it again like for a week_ too much advertising for stupid prenium. no one is gonna buy it if you don't make the regular any good. shuffle play sucks. i mean come on, people have to pay for no adds and internet_ stupid. other than that, so much better than pandora.
i know that the company is trying to make money but i believe that we should be able to pick any song without having to pay or shuffle. the ads are fine. if we could play without shuffling i will rate it stars.
remove the ads in the free edition.
as much as i hate ad_based music players, and 50_ of the ads i get are for buying the premium version, this one is at least ok. i like that i can build playlists, and most of the time i jam out is at home with wifi so premium isnt that enticing to me. as far as technical stuff, this app is so terribly laggy. i spend probably 5 minutes each time i start up the app waiting for things to load, and even when it is up and running, i should forget about anything but that playlist as those take forever to load.
really sick of the ads and not being able to skip a song. and a lot of the suggested songs i hate and i can't skip it. uninstalling. i'll find a new music app
i absolutely love this app and would give it 5stars except the face that you have to pay _10 a month to have it.. like why not just _10 for the entire time you have the app.. _10 a month is kinda ridiculous and you can't chose what song you want to listen to next or get rid of ads without premium..
honestly, i've always had such a great experience with spotify, but other reviews seemed to contradict my opinion. the perks of this app is that i found it easy to use and great to discover music. i didn't even care about the ads... they play one ad every 30minutes big deal, they need money too after all it is free music. you can only use the skip button three times in an hour but i've only had to use it once in my 2 years with spotify. i guess you'll have to try it yourself and see.
takes forever to load ads. no carrier billing support. i'm on wifi so there shouldn't be any issues with speed but in spotify, it's lag city.
has anyone tried airplane mode, i guess if yu switch it to airplane mode it won't bring ads _ i'm sorry if yu already knw this nd tried it but that's what i was told n nvr tried it out so if i'm wrong f.y.i...i'm sorry _
ads are annoying.... and they say the ad come up ever 30 minutes thats a lie because mine came on before 30 minutes.
i rate this app  3_5 _'s because, it plays the music i want, but people have to pay for no ads to appear, and the music only works if connected to wifi, even though i like playing music outside of my house_.this app is kinda good because i fall asleep listening to it_ wait, ur suppost to arent u_ anyway, this is how i feel about the app_ its not brilliant, but its not terrible_
its good but i was wondering why it still isn't free even after i've updated it, cause on ad i've heard update it and you'll get everything free on mobile or computer
i hate that i can't play a certain song just because i'm on my phone and why so many ads_ it's worse than pandora with the advertising, and it drives me insane. reduce the ads, and let me take it off shuffle and then maybe i'll give five stars.
i hate that i can't play a certain song just because i'm on my phone and why so many ads_ it's worse than pandora with the advertising, and it drives me insane. reduce the ads, and let me take it off shuffle and then maybe i'll give five stars.
i downloaded it don't get me wrong every song, artist, album i typed in it found but u have ads and it trying to force u to pay for it so u don't have the ads, and it won't let u changes songs manually or even click on the song u actually want to listen to and for all that the app isn't worth it. it's rediculous u try to force feed crap so people will jus buy the app. if i could've given it 0 as in zero stars i would've. do not get this app it is junk
sometimes when i am on this app listening to music it will play the thing it says before it plays an advertisement and then it just stops. most of the time it will get unstuck if you open and close it a few times, but sometimes you will have to uninstaller and reinstall which is very annoying. otherwise this app works the way it is supposed to for the most part. edit_ decreased to two because this problem became very frequent. even more so when using data.
nothing,  plays i went to browse it gives error play with no commercials.  please fix. i was listening to r_b now ad free cost money.
great app all together, only if you have premium. the ads are not even ads, they are promoting themselves, if they cab do that than they shouldn't ask for _10 a month. and i got the 2 week trial and now i can't get the _99 for 3 months. it only let's me get the one month for _10.00 fix this.
too much ads
i use this app all the time to hear my music and loved it_ now, to hear my own playlists without ads i have to upgrade_ wth_ if that's the case, i rather go to pandora _its free, anyway_ i already pay for this app_ i can't hear the same song twice if i wanted to, it doesn't let me skip songs as many times as i want, it doesn't let me access it offline now_ smh
spotify on mobile is a sad excuse for a joke. it's useless, on desktop i can easily just search an artist and start listening with a few ads, but on mobile the expereience is so limitted i might as well just go to pandora because then at least i can influence what is playing. they try to integrate social but i have yet to find a playlist i even like or use any other social feature. if i have a song in mind google music, if i want to discover pandora. spotify just doesn't have a use for me.
playlist with 7 songs. play and part advertising. start a suggested song that step, another begins, and leave. subsequently 3 suggested songs. even advertising and even a suggested song .... what do i do to make the play then_
good_ amazing music selection, from wasp to peggy lee, also available offline.  doesn't use much battery                                             bad_ for _9.99_mth_ needs less ads, way more skips, sketchy on wifi, have to hard restart about once a day for it to run right for the premium.                               ugly_ price per month vs. slacker and no 'hide all from this artist' button.         overall not going to keep  subscription when there's more out there
i love the app it's awesome and all but i just don't like that every time i try to listen to music it just stops it and stay on one ad for like 5 minutes please fix._
now i hate how ads have more volume then the music and most of the time ads stops in the middle of the commercial and doesn't let me do anything. i can't listen my music anymore_ really bad_ it will be as bad as pandora really soon_
went premium and it's worth it. had no problems finding any song or album. being able to listen offline helps, no interruptions and being able to skip more than 5 tunes a day . also no adverts it's worth 4_'s still had no problems with any updates.worth paying premium definitely 100_...a honestly don't know why folk are complaing in there review. av nvr had any problems with premium spotify since day 1. excellent service. only problem now is that it won't play through xbox1 was 5_'s now 4_'so _
spotify is a great app, however i encounter a bug daily that haplens during the ad that gives you 30 minutes of ad free. sometimes i tap the button to watch the ad it doesnt do anything thus making it so i cant listen to any music because it still believes an ad is playing. normally incoukd just close spotify a few times and i could be alright but today after numerous tries to fix it i just ended up restarting my phone
the ads are longer _ repetitive in hopes you'll be agitated enough to purchase premium. still dumb shuffle is only play option unlike desktop version. other than that it is just an okay app.
whenever i start shuffle playing something new and a spotify ad that says _the next 30 minutes are ad free..._ shows up, no ad plays and i can't play anymore music. why
at first this app rocked my life. now sadly, this app was not what i thought when i downloaded this. why in the hell would this app not allow me to play my song from my playlist_ and these ads is the last straw_ never again getting this _waste of a time_ on my phone_ i'm sticking to iheartradio, milk music, songza, and pandora_ _
the ads are a little bit annoying and similar because they are either the app itself promoting its premium service or some unpopular artists' new music. the ads could be extremely disruptive when they insert a loud and obnoxious ad when a chill_soothing playlist is on. i guess the ads played in hong kong are recorded separately but the woman narrating for hk spotify has a horrible voice. please do something about that.
if you have premium... if you don't have premium, you have to deal with ads, and you can't even select a specific song, can't listen offline, so it just uses a bunch of data if i'm not at home on wifi
it officially has everything i could ask for. of course ads aren't free to get rid of. but even without premium it's great. you can make playlists, play individual songs, even put on the radio and make your own stations_
worked great until i got a new phone.  had the samsung s4 and loved spotify except for the ads.  then my carrier offered two years of premium and a new phone if i sign a new contract.  _i got the samsung note 4_   guess what_  now the spotify is so 'spotty' on the note 4 it is hardly worth using.   i enjoy spotify on my pc, and can even appreciate it if i carry my old phone and use my new phone as a wireless hotspot however the app is totally _ on the note 4.  have re_installed, have cleared cache have been struggling to make the thing work for six months.  the support is non_existent.  you can contribute to a forum but that never solves anything.    i certainly wouldn't pay money for this service again.   you have to hate companies that put up forums so that users can solve other users problems but do not manage trouble tickets and take responsibility for a failure to deliver.  best advice to others is to choose another service.
edit _   why can't i select my songs even when wifi is on_ i hate pressing shuffle all the time...  oh and the premium ad wont load. spotify team please. fix this for the better of your app.
i honestly didn't mind that there were ads
i can't thank you guys enough for merging with playstation. two of my most time favorite things collaborating_ _faints_ now i can listen to my existing playlists while i blow someone's face off in call of duty. the only drawbacks are that the ads are way too rapid. you completely force premium onto us. and this wouldn't be a problem if i was actually able to upgrade to premium, but every time i try i'm taken to a white screen. if you don't mind fixing this issue other than that this app is still 5 stars.
muyyy bad app ... is very tired an ad appears every 5 seconds and sad that you can not hear any song from your phone_ _ _
you get about 5 chances to skip music but then they put adverts then you have to skip adverts with your free skip.
i love spotify, but i try to close out the app and the music keeps playing so i have to go inside and stop the music then close it out and i hate that. it also plays music and ads over other apps like youtube or my own music playlist saved to my phone. this needs to be fixed. it's so annoying_
stop asking me if i want to watch an ad so that i have to unlock my phone, get to the app and proceed. just get the ad over with already. not sure why some features that are available on the pc for free users aren't on here, either.
it doesn't let you pick a single song in your playlist or at all. it has to be on shuffle. for the past 4 house it has been on a coinstar ad and it stopped and won't refresh. theses literally nothing for this issue in faq or support. it sucks i just want to listen to music
i couldn't even listen to the right song even though it was popular. i had to make some account, type the same song in twenty times only to get stupid remixes and ads shoved in my face instead. complete waste of space and time.
but it freezes everytime it offers 30 minutes free of ads after the sponsored message and doesnt let me listen, bugs, please exterminate
it used to work ince upon a time and was awesome_ the ad still plays everytime but there is no link to click when it says that i can get the 30 minutes. it would be 5 stars but this is unfair
simply the go_to app for music. i love how i don't have to store so many tracks on my phone anymore because i can just find them on spotify. and upgrading to premium was one of the best decisions of my in_app purchase life_ no ads, no fads, just real music._
won't let me listen to music_ stops playing and tells me to upgrade for ad free. who cares about your stupid ads_ _ it says  spotify music. maybe you should change the name to spotify ads_
one of the main things is that after one ad sponsored by spotify, it sort iif just freezes there and doesn't let you listen to music. no matter what i do, this continues to be a reoccurring hassle.
ads that last 3 minutes, and ads that have more ads after them.
pitiful app, uses bait and switch strategy, make you to think that's really free but isn't,  the constant ads locks and freeze the app and begs you to upgrade to a paid version. pandora, here i come....
good accept when an ad comes up a lot of the time it wants you to watch a sponsor video so you have no ads for 30 min if you click on it, it does not take you to a video just takes you to there website and freezes the app
unless your willing to pay _10 a month its really bad, cabt choose what song you want to play always ads
spotify is my favorite musis program. i use the computer app as well as mobile and my account is kept in sync perfectly. they have a vast library of music _minus taylor swift_ and the quality is great. the ads are not to disruptive but i paid for premium because i want to support them. this is how you fight piracy in music.
ads keep freezing and it continues to play songs i've removed from the playlist
use the app daily. borderline my lifeline. should get 5 stars, but in the last month its started crashing consistently _from ads, not from music_ and when i try to upgrade to premium, it fails to go to the page. just sits there loading for 45 minutes.
what it advertises_others say you can have your own special station _pandora _ rapsody_ but they end up playing _suggested_ songs like yahoo music does which isn't a bad thing but it's like regular radio. i want specific songs by specific artists only and spotify does exactly that_ perfect_
the best the only thing is the ads
of the dozen or so streaming apps i've used, i finally decided to give spotify a try. after reading some tech blogs, i was hopeful for the running feature. nope, no running feature, interface is horrible, ads are annoying, controls are unresponsive. not worth my time.
at some point i hope advertisement execs finally figure out that bombarding intelligent, college educated individuals with ads only brings about forced animosity and a decided boycott. if i don't need a circular saw, guess what_ i'm not buying one. there is a home depot 1_16 of a mile from where i live.  guess what_ i still haven't been there in 4 months. surprise_
at some point i hope advertisement execs finally figure out that bombarding intelligent, college educated individuals with ads only brings about forced animosity and a decided boycott. if i don't need a circular saw, guess what_ i'm not buying one. there is a home depot 1_16 of a mile from where i live.  guess what_ i still haven't been there in 4 months. surprise_
the app is great if you can overlook the fact that it doesn't have most songs and you have to pay to listen to the ad free song, offline song and etcetera.
... i have a free account because i cant afford 9.99 a month. on the laptop i can chose which song i want to listen to and i can skip songs at least 5 times before an ad so how come on the mobile app i have to use shuffle i can't pick which song and i can't skip without being told to go premium. i could just use youtube for free, dudes
it's ok, but the ads and no wi_fi is no good but other than that, the music is great
spotify was supposed to be the answer when pandora, iheart radio and slacker failed me. it worked fantastic...till they decided to update it 3 times. now i go to play something and i get to hear an ad, then the app force closes and won't do anything again till i restart my phone. i'll just go back to listening to nothing. that seems to work..._
the ad pops up, but nothing plays so i have to force stop the app to continue listening. otherwise it'll just act like it's playing the ad but never does.
i can listen to any song i want i can also listen to no ad radio
this optional video message to skip 30 minutes of ads interrupts the music with up to five minutes of silence,  either before or after the video message,  on my samsung avant. and it won't let me click the link to keep the usual ads either. this last time it never went back to music.  it just stopped playing after minutes of silence.  been using the app for a long time and i like it a lot but i'll stop using it if this keeps happening.
you guys are actual retards, why would you mess everything up when your getting a croud, all you people want is money so you add double the amount of ads, limited skips, never getting the right song, in conclusion you guys are pigs
i hate ads
i want to get premium but every time i try to get it it gets stuck on the loading screen must be the servers fix please im tired of ads
so with a standard membership, it doesn't even let you choose what song you want to play. you can only use shuffle which is crap because if i need to listen to one song, i have to wait until i get it. there is also advert which should be removed with membership. also it adds on songs to snap playlist.which is annoying. fix it becase it is fine on the pc
i'd use spotify more if i could download music for offline i'm not bothered about the ads or not being able to play a song on demand. i just want to be able to listen to my playlists at places like beaches etc without a 3g connection
sometimes when i transition from playlist to playlist and an ad will pop up and this doesn't bother me but then it freezes and i can change the song because of the ad. then i have to uninstall it from my phone then install it again. it's not fun
i paid the 0.99 cents for 3 months of premium. it worked for 2 days_ and now its back to ads. i tried to purchase again. and it told me i already have it. logged out. uninstalled then installed app again . did everything it told me to do. and nothing. it also charged me again. and its still not working. i sent an email and they auto responded. i can't reply. my bf suggested spotify cuz hr uses it all day while working. and its just becoming a hassle. that i can't even listen to a song when i want it.fix pl
spotify makes most of its money off of its ads and premium which makes it pretty sad when it won't let you get premium. it doesn't let e connect to the purchase server.
was the best thing since pandora but the ads are too much to start an app with 1_30_2 mins worth of ads makes the app a headache and eventually useless
spotify has a great searchable library of music. far fewer ads and restrictions than say pandora. but they really push for the premium on mobile devices by forcing you to shuffle play albums. they dont do that on my tablet's version of the app. not saying it's a bad app, but it's good for people to know the catch to these _free_ streaming apps.
don't seem like they read the reviews. stuck on ads for hrs at a time.  had to uninstall unless that was a tactic to get me to purchase. need the free to work flawlessly before i let u debit my account monthly. why we can't just purchase for the year...
it would not load,  just ads. hate that i had so many playlists on there.
good app, although it freezes on ads sometimes on android phones.. it's still a hell of a lot better than pandora_
the only thing that you all have to fix is that 30 min no ads thing, sometimes it gets stuck on that part. otherwise, y'all are doing good_
your ads are lies saying that you offer free music with awesome performance, but all i see are a bunch of songs that buffer all the time_ plus what's worse is that the shuffle option doesn't even shuffle the songs, why pay premium when you can just offer unlimited streaming for free_ can anyone explain why do we have to pay for songs that won't buffer_ your system is preposterous
i really like this app, but sometimes when i want to see the ad that's comes on, it freezes and it doesn't start_ if it doesn't start, i can't get my ad_free thing and my music won't start.
when i want to spend money on an app because i enjoy it and want to help support it, but i can't because for whatever reason whenever i try to click the button to go to premium it just loads forever and never actually let's me do it. kind of dumb. super frustrating considering how many ads i get saying _try premium for 3 months for only 99 cents._ sounds worth it to me, i think i'll try that.. oh wait. it won't even let me. edit_ i had to do it through your website. thx for the hassle.
my 7 day trial ended. and now every time i click get premium for ad free listening. it never loads
i mean i could listening to music perfectly, then all of a sudden it stopped and wouldn't play, and kept telling me about the ads and the premium version, now every time i try to play it won't play and its stuck at the same screen...
spotify has developed a new feature where by it tells you your next half hour will be ad free thanks to the following advert, then fails to load said advert. there is no way to get past this and listen to music, it just hangs there promising free music but failing to deliver.
spotify has developed a new feature where by it tells you your next half hour will be ad free thanks to the following advert, then fails to load said advert. there is no way to get past this and listen to music, it just hangs there promising free music but failing to deliver.
the ads keep getting in my way when i try to type or pick a song
honestly, i love spotify but the ads and suggested songs get pretty annoying. plus the fact that if you don't have premium, you can't skip through. an ad every now and then is ok, but the full songs get to me.
the only thing i'm really annoyed about is that you can't play any songs anytime you want without getting a premium subscription. i'm not trying to put you down but i feel like its a little unfair. i understand that artists who post their music on spotify want money from their songs, but can't you at least do something else than a _10 subscription like have more ad's, which is how soundcloud pays their artist, or at least have a lower price for premium like _2_3 a month.
pandora always plays half of my song then skips the rest of the song. _spotify plays the whole song and there aren't as many ads as pandora has._
i hate it ob my phone, only because on my computer, i can play my songs in order and not have to buy premium and not have to many ads but on my phone, i have to shuffle play and there is an ad after every song_ fix it please, i have always use spotify but now, i'm using something else
so i install and try to play music and our keeps trying to make me a premium member before i even test the danm thing. then it won't even shuffle songs_play because it says try upgrading to premium member to listen ad free and won't stay the fu_king music_
its good, but most of the songs i search are just remixes and artists and albums. and also the things that are always like _the next 30 minutes are ad free thanks to the following sponsor_. sometimes it doesn't show the video and when i press shuffle play, it says _get premium_. pretty weird
its annoying when i skipped one song and you showed me 3 advertisement in a row.
music plays really smoothly and the ads are really short really music can't get much better than this
i really don't mind the ads, but at least make it so the app plays them out. i will sit through 30 seconds of an add. but it will freeze and the then the add will never go. even if i close out the app, its still frozen. make the ads play themselves out. this is the first time and its getting really annoying
the ads are a bit annoying. ever since the new updates, there have been more ads. when i first got the app i barely heard an add and now i hear them frequently. that and i haven't heard a, _watch this video for 30 minutes of ad free music_ ad in a while.
went premium and it's worth it. had no problems finding any song or album. being able to listen offline helps, no interruptions and being able to skip more than 5 tunes a day . also no adverts it's worth 5 _'s still had no problems with any updates.worth paying premium definitely 100_...a honestly don't know why folk are complaing in there review. av nvr had any problems with premium spotify since day 1. excellent service.
i would get premium but one i dont have a credit card, two my parents won't let me use theirs. i didn't mind the ads they're were fine but you take away the power to pick one song instead of having to shuffle all the songs ruins the entire app. then having to wait for the one song you wanted to play and not being able to skip makes it terrible. stop updating it was fine how it use to be.
they interrupt the songs to tell me that spotify is now ad free....
no issues with the interface. syncs well with my car stereo and ps4. pesky _10 a month for no ads feels just a hair expensive for my usage, otherwise perfect app.
it's amazing but i died inside when it took away my control of the music and advertisement kept coming up and won't go away and then wanting me to give my credit card details so that i can get rid of the adds and have control over my music again.
only complaint is i dont like it when you suggest music i don't want to hear, if you take music suggestions off ill rate back to stars ads i can deal with that
on the desktop version of spotify in one of the advertisments it says _spotify is now free on mobile_ what does this entitle_
will randomly stop playing a track, sometimes will freeze after offering a sponsored video for 30 mins ad free. dont get me wrong, its a great app, but the listening experience isnt as on point as it used to be.
you can't really do anything on it. its very complicated and disturbing and there were alot of ads. if your interested in this app, my thought is its a waste of mega bites.
it always gets stuck on ads and when you try to play a different playlist it just tells you to upgrade to listen to ad free music. it plays an ad and tells me i have 30 mins of add free music then plays 2 ads back to back after 3 songs. terrible app
5 star when it works. when it starts the thing to either watch or go on with ads, it just sits there. can't get out of it, can't move on.  sad
its great for music but if you hate ads when switching tracks you should rethink about the app
its good for playing music when your at home, and the ads don't bother me too much. the one thing that i would change is the ability to listen to it offline. if it did this i would love this app and give it 5 stars.
loading artists pages it keeps telling me that didn't work,  have another go. also getting pop ups when before it was just vocal ads. also freezing when playing through console and not phone
love this app_ i have the free version which means ads. i can live with the brief interruptions, its totally worth it_ have found everything i've searched for so far and have even found new artists i never knew existed through spotify's suggestions according to what i listen to.
had everything cut down on the ads a little bit though
first off, i can't choose a song to play. i must get premium to click on a song from a playlist. that's pathetic. do you need money that bad, that the purpose of the app can't be fulfilled without spending_ secondly, the app will change the song in your playlist to play a different song, claiming its suggested. and you can't change it back until the song ends. if we want a song, we will have it in our playlists. we do not need songs put in front of others along with the three 30 second ads. change this.
sometimes after those ads that tell me to go premium it won't play any songs it just stays on the ad
i understand that i haven't  bought it but every 10 minutes 3 ads in a row is too much_ as far as the songs, categories etc are concerned it is a nicely developed application.
you should be able to pick whatever song you like. but at the cost of an ad. and buying premium should be able to go through google play
it was good but dobt llike the adverts inbetween _
i love spotify on my pc, but it just says the next thirty minutes are free because sponsor, and never even plays the ad.. am i doing it wrong_
there's times where it's at a comfortable level for me and out of nowhere it gets really loud and kills my ears. this happens with music and ads
would give a five star but there r just too many ads. it interrupts the music.
it's really great besides the ads but that's only because i don't have premium but i think it should just be and ad free music app. besides the ads and the premium i love this app.
doesn't skip few ad's
the desktop version of spotify utilizes the ability to have full access and basically only focuses on advertising as a incentive to upgrade. however on the mobile version, the song selection is limited to shuffling and you have no control over what you listen to. there's not apparent down vote or up vote feature making to complicated to ignore completely irrelevant song tracks.
way way way to many ads
the only bad thing is the ads
when i got this app and started my music after the ad i was promised thirty minutes of ad free music. so why am i getting ads every 8 minutes. i've timed it. this is ridiculous i'm not about to pay for premium because that one might have more lies than the free version
the next 30 minutes are ad free thanks to this sponsor. that's utter nonsense. one song and the ads came straight back on.
every time the ad that offers to eliminate ads for 30 minutes pops up, everything stops. the last time this happened, i had to uninstall and then reinstall the app just so i could listen to music. now it just happened again.
i tried this after getting the lollipop update and finding that pandora still doors not have lock screen controls. i love that there are way less ads and you can skip songs as much as you like. what i don't like is that this app is confusing as heck_ you have to go to the menu to find the search and then your greeted with all kinds of weird stations _ playlists by random people. some that only have a few songs or none at all_ no bookmarks. no chromecasting.
i thought i'd try spotify again after not using it for a while...immediately uninstalled_ you have to upgrade to listen to the songs you want, listen ad free, or listen off line. so basically you can't do anything with the free version...don't waste your time when there are plenty of other better apps out there_
never plays my playlists, just radio, constant ads, randomly skips songs
where are my thirty minutes without of those crappy ads huh...huh
young exaggerates times not with your advertising_ some albums even missing
i've been using spotify for about a year. before spotify, i used pandora but it wasn't nearly as customizable. you can create playlists and even just save songs to _your music_. ads are about 2 consecutive every 2_3 songs.
every time i click on a new playlist to listen to, an ad comes on but it freezes and won't let me listen to music so then i have to delete for a while. please fix this_
despite what it's advertised to do, it actually seems like it's engineered to steal ten bucks a month and not play music. the program shows that a song is playing, even though halfway through the song, it stopped outputting any audio. also, everything i reboot my phone, i have to re_download all of my playlists. ten bucks a month_ i'd rather have herpes.
pandora deserves a better rating than spotify. the playlists are tiny, too many ads, music dies not play according to your own taste.
i get 24 recommendations per song from artist i don't know and worst of all is i get 3 ads within those songs and im not allowed to pay for premium
i like the streaming and stuff but you say we get 30 minutes ad free and its literally only like 5 three minute songs which is about 15 minutes so ya know fix it
nobody can't beat these guys  _ _  i love the. ads to.
okay so then was a viedo for advert but then it just stopped at 2 secounds then my it wont let me play music.
bull crap i just installed and i click free trail and lost it now i don't have my trail and ads pop up everywhere
like all apps main focus is on ads, now the ads lock up my phone, have to reboot, but as long as your ads are working, all is well
pretty great but too many ads
i can listen to my music when ever but i want to put it how i want it so please do something_ one other thing please get rid of the ads _ in other hands i love this app_
says my spotify premium won't expire til the 30th. its been _acting_ expired since the 27th. can't access my playlists, plays ads, i mean why don't you just charge my card then if i'm really expired_ contacted support_ no response.
lots of hanging on searches, especially radio. suggested songs interrupting your playlist are incredibly frustrating. ads playing light r_b are a killer when i'm in the gym lifting heavy.
_the next 30 minutes are free, thanks to the following sponsor_...no ad is played, but i do get the pleasure of having spotify not play anything for an hour, or restart the phone. killing tasks and clearing ram doesn't help either. seems to occur when i swtich playlists _not exagerating_ 50_ of the time. this also occured on my gs4 _now gs6_.
please add official android tv_google chromecast support_  i'm very disappointed there isn't an official app for spotify available on android tv,  please update and make an official android tv spotify app, that offers free ad free streaming_  i'll update my review once i see official update for android tv
too many ads
it seems like 50_ of the time when it offers to watch a video for 30 minutes of free music, it freezes and doesn't play the ad. this happens constantly. please fix it.
it had some ads but it is esey to get out of them
it is fast and the music is good but the ads annoy me. at least there's the 30_min_no_ad option, it was awesome. loved it.
i kind of like the app but when and if you're not a premium member there it doesn't work very well if he had a premium member you want to play just certain song it won't let you it just goes to a whole playlist in the only get certain skips and if you are a premium member you will have to look through all the ads but really that'd be nice to ask her ok
got a popup to watch short video for 30 mins ad free. video won't play and can't skip it.
i have uninstalled this app because when i'm on a walk, taking the bus or cleaning my house i do not want it to just randomly stop playing music because i never purchased the app. its bad enough you guys play add which i could deal with but you play ads and restrict how many songs i can listen too_ i also don't like being forced into shuffled playlists. moving on and not looking back. peace out spotify_
great features on both the free and premium versions. with premium you don't get ads and you can download your songs for offline playback which is a plus.
stutters all the time and says that i haven't any signal when i actually have full bars, when adverts pop up they won't go away and i have to leave it for at least three days_
you can't even play next songs_ it always require you to open the ad.. you can't manually choose your song but to click the shuffle play.. it's different from before.. really don't appreciate it now. pls fix this.
every time i try to play a song a ad comes up and i can't play any music.
i would have given it 5 start but the app likes to stop playing a song 10 seconds into it then the audio just cuts out for the next couple songs then comes back, there's also no way to undo _thumbs downing_ a song if you accidently did it. pandora has them beat there. premium is a bit expensive also. all the ads are for their own app so they must not need the money that bad.
yeah suuure, i listen to some tunes and five minutes later, an ad comes on. and another five minutes after that, a mother one. 30 minutes my butt.
every time the ad saying i got 30 min ad free played it would freeze and i could only get it to work again by shutting down my phone.
why limit the amount of skips_ you already have ads so why do you need to make even more money_ please change this. i will install this app again if_when this is changed.
i love spotify. its has some problems recently. when there are the ads where it says the no more ads for the next 30 minutes is freezes. you can't do anything and it says you can't skip ads for that part.
got advertisement to watch a video and when i clicked the button it frozen up. that was over two hours ago_ _ htc one m8
it was fine when i first got this app, only one advert at a time, but more recently when there's an ad break its ad followed by about 4 more all saying the same thing... not to mention the fact that the adverts are way louder than the actual music so they end up breaking your hearing...
it was fine when i first got this app, only one advert at a time, but more recently when there's an ad break its ad followed by about 4 more all saying the same thing... not to mention the fact that the adverts are way louder than the actual music so they end up breaking your hearing...
it's a good app which i use a lot but it bugs me that adverts always come in groups of two or even three ads at a time. i'm fine with having ads on the free version but i don't like being forced to listen to 3 adverts in a row.
it's a good app which i use a lot but it bugs me that adverts always come in groups of two or even three ads at a time. i'm fine with having ads on the free version but i don't like being forced to listen to 3 adverts in a row.
plz fix the random video ads that pop up no matter what app im in. at least make it so i can just listen to them without it popping up. and im not 18 so i cant pay for premium. and why should i give you my money for something that should just be free. plz fix
never had any issues with how the app works, ui, or anything else. used premium for a long time, it was amazing. switched to free a few months ago. i deal with the ads, that's fine. i deal with the limited shuffle skips, that's fine. what i don't appreciate is the interjected tracks compliments of spotify. you'll be listening to an album and all of the sudden, an unexpected track will play. usually from the same artist, but will be a live version, or a remixed version or a song from a different album.
the fck ads frf
simple, and the ads are such a rare occurance for me 
too many rubbish ads, i get no ads on deezer and i can download and listen offline easier, better quality, for free. goodbye, you lost a once upon a time happy customer spotify_
free instantly loading music with non_interruptive ads and an enormous catalogue. what more could you ask for_
you keep playing horror movie ads for me and i ended up seeing this pop up of a clown and being sent into a panic attack. who green lighted this_ who thought this was a good idea_
can't skip ad
gotta pay to be able to skip songs listen ad free and listen offline. google play music is way better and cheaper.
only thing i don't like is the ads
hello, i just bought a _10 google play store card and it was specifically for spotify premium. i wanted it but when i clicked on the premium ad button, it showed i had to pay with a credit card. i didn't want to waste my card so please make an option where you can buy premium with a play store redemption card
can you stop ads playing in the middle of songs. please save them for the end so it does not interrupt before the third verse then play next song. fix and i will rate 5 stars
this is the first time i use this crap and i will never use it again.  doesn't let you play the best songs of the artist you just listen to ads and crappy music and after skipping the songs for three times you can't skip anymore. i'm not listening to the crap they want me to listen_
quite a few song which i look up are not featured through the app pretty disappointing... other than that not that bad, advertisements are quite frequent which can become quite annoying but its free....
absolutely such a terrible app, it's so very restricted, and not to mention... advertisements_ seriously_ shouldn't have bothered downloading it.
these people just want you to pay 0.99 cents for only 3 months of premium... so annoying ads and never stops... also btw songs still stay onto your music when you _remove them_
it has a bug where when theres an ad it stops my phone comepletely
i love spotify, but when i want to play a song, it just switches to something completely different. also, too many random ads. apart from that, it's great_
please add official android tv support_  i'm very disappointed there isn't an official app for spotify available on android tv,  please update and make an official android tv spotify app, that offers free ad free streaming_  i'll update my review once i see official update for android tv
as of right now, a useless waste of space. won't allow me to listen to anything and just keeps trying to prompt me to get the ad_free version. if i can't even listen to anything with ads, surely uninterested in paying _ for what seems to be a questionable app now. smh. disappointing.
the forced shuffle is bearable but the digster ads are disgusting. for _ sake_ at least give me ads of the genre i'm listening to
love this app but need to fix the bug where it freezes before playing an advertisement
i listen to spotify regularly. at the gym, at work, while cleaning. but, lately, when asked _want a break from the ads_ watch this short video. . ._ it gets frozen on the screen. i can't watch the video. i can't listen to music. i close out the program, that doesn't help. sometimes i choose to just listen to all the ads, after it fixes itself, so it doesn't freeze up. if this could be fixed, that would be wonderful. because it's been almost 24 hours and i'm still stuck on the _watch video_ screen. _
but there are just way too many ads and is quite annoying. also, it keeps wanting me to get the premium version, which is very annoying.
when i play musics, it keeps telling me that _upgrade premium to listen anywhere_ like that etc. i can't play my musics randomly. it has ads. please help my with it.
sometimes when i am on this app listening to music it will play the thing it says before it plays an advertisement and then it just stops. most of the time it will get unstuck if you open and close it a few times, but sometimes you will have to uninstaller and reinstall which is very annoying. otherwise this app works the way it is supposed to for the most part.
what an absolute junk app pandora has more on you and there ads are so much more annoying i'd enjoy this app if there was the ability to see what i've finished listening to. absolute garbage it's pathetic
ok this app proves the world is filled with selfish assholes trying to get rich any way they can since this app wont let you listen to 5 songs on you're playlist without placing an stupid ad or a suggested song in the way all we want is a free app were we can actuly listen to full playlists withour paying is that to much to ask for well it is according to these developers.
to many unwanted pop_up ads that's annoying. need to be removed.
the app will play four songs or so and then offer 30 minutes of ad free listening if i watch a video... that would be great if it worked, but instead the whole app freezes for hours, meaning i can only listen for a few songs.
generally an enjoyable app.   every once in awhile there are odd glitches.  today spotify radio is only playing songs that i hit _thumbs down_ on.   weird_   those are clearly the songs i do not want to hear_ also have had problems when ads load but those seem to have resolved recently.
it's a great app but ads pop up more frequently than every 30 minutes
the new spotify update lead to false hope_ only hours into my new membership i've come to see that it is 100_ false_ not only are there still ads but many of them_ not to mention the push to sign up for the premium package is way too often_ _ so much for listening to what you want, i can't even skip to a new station when i do not like a song after pushing thumbs down on 2 previous songs making it to where i have to turn it off for a while or listen to something i do not like_ glitch or false advertisement_
the new spotify update lead to false hope_ only hours into my new membership i've come to see that it is 100_ false_ not only are there still ads but many of them_ not to mention the push to sign up for the premium package is way too often_ _ so much for listening to what you want, i can't even skip to a new station when i do not like a song after pushing thumbs down on 2 previous songs making it to where i have to turn it off for a while or listen to something i do not like_ glitch or false advertisement_
love it but it has ads and cant  work offline
i go to click to watch the video for 30 minutes of ad free music and the app just freezes.
the ads sometimes seem to never end.
despite annoying adverts
i don't smoke and i certainly don't want to hear these ads coming from a family who smokes.  these ads have no place on spotify unless it's for someone who smokes otherwise the ads can go straight to hell.
i'm really pleased and impressed with how far spotify as a service has come. in a lot of ways i'd say the free service is even better than pandora one. there's more variety in song suggestion and selection and ads are not terribly intrusive.
the _free_ service is crap. ads are videos that play every 30 minutes _no _sponsors_ just attempts to get you to sign_up_. sometimes the service just lock_up telling you to get the premium service. if you don't mind _120 a year to listen to music, go for it_ otherwise, try something else.
way too many ads. but otherwise fine.
loved the free trial ....but the free version is horrible and 11 dollars a month is too high .ill just wait for the next grooveshark. you have something great and your greed is going to destroy it . 5 bucks a month would be a fair price to rent music .  also the massive amout of people saying you are double charging them also doesn't help . make your free version like your premium but with ads or ask a fair price and you'll get 5 stars and maybe my money
music sounds wonderful on here_ too many ads but whateves...
it was cool but now every time the 30 minutes of commercial free ad comes on it goes silent for about 30 minutes.  i'm not going to waste money to subscribe if that's the way you're going to treat me.
if you have a free account, turn away. you can't choose your own music choices without shuffling all of your saved music unless you make a playlist. the menu for making a playlist takes around five seconds for each song, so if you have more than ten songs, you're going to easily get annoyed with the interface. you're unable to skip through more than four songs, even though you can on the playstation and computer versions of the application, the only stipulation being that you would have to listen to an ad.
one of your ad networks is corrupted. it would randomly pull up the google play store with some random game to download. i uninstalled spotify after many other things and finally found out it was the culprit.
i can't even play anything it keeps saying ad to play list this is the worst app ever seen
whenever i try to play the commercials to get 30 minutes ad free the whole thing crashes and i have to restart my phone. the bugs make this not worth using_
just get so fed up with the adverts as i haven't got premium all i won't to do is listen to my songs in peace and not keep getting pressure to get premium every 3 songs
its a great app until the newest update where if you even tap on a song it asks you to upgrade to premium, don't add more ads keep it how it was before the update
i like how you can listen to the songs of your choice, however, ads are way too frequent and the app will sometimes freeze and stop working completely.  the only solution i found for it was to delete the app entirely.
every 2 songs is 4 30 second ads. very very irritating. used to use this app daily and loved it, now it disgusts me. i have to revert back to pandora now. thanks for being a let down. unless you have 8 dollars to spend a month, expect to listen to 25 mcdonald's ads per hour.
i absolutely loved spotify and would typically rate them 5 stars. i have encouraged many friends and family to download this app, but lately i've been disappointed with the volume levels of their ads. my son listens to spotify while studying, but lately i see him yank off his headphones during ads because they are simply too loud and hurt his ears. the same has happened to me. this is not a good method to encourage premium purchases, rather it's a tactic pushing us to seek other alternatives.
love it cause idc about the ads i just am happy i can injoy the music_
it's not worth installing, you can't skip any songs and as well as ads, it throws in _recomended songs_ which you also cannot skip. the android version is awful, i think i'll stick to pc, that version is actually usable.
i loved this app until it's recent update. i'm leaving this as a message to spotify_ i shouldn't have to watch an ad saying the next 30 minutes are ad_free after switching from a playlist that did the same 1 second ago. thank you.
why do we need to pay just to listen offline, play whatever we want, remove ads etc_
i usually don't use it. mainly a pandora person. but if i just want to listen to 1 person i go to spotify. i get these stupid moment where it says _the next 40mins is ad free thanks to some sponsor_ that's cool in all but once it does that it don't play anymore so i have to close app completely and reopen it. i've tried clicking _no thanks i'll keep the ads_ but nothing happens. please fix
the ads don't work 50_ of the time. they freeze the app, forcing me to restart my device.
im ok with ads just let me play music ondemand like tablet_
how are we supposed to watch ads when your app freezes everytime one comes up making you have to force close it. nobody is watching the ads, just close and reboot
listening to radio, every time i change the station, i expect you hear an ad, no problem with that, but the app locks up and quits playing.  even the ad won't play.  doubt this is what your advertisers are paying for.  i did find a solution though, just quit spotify and open pandora.
listening to radio, every time i change the station, i expect you hear an ad, no problem with that, but the app locks up and quits playing.  even the ad won't play.  doubt this is what your advertisers are paying for.  i did find a solution though, just quit spotify and open pandora.
it was perfectly but all the ads and it repeats my songs
may i have options to choose advertisements without asian language_ i have to take off my headphone or mute it every time_ thanks_ tack_ _ danke_
whenever the ad is done playing it stops the app and i always have to restart my phone to get the music playing never had this problem before the update _
kind of spazzes during ads and freezes up so music and even ad won't play. continuous problem.
nice playlists to choose from, and i usually don't need to skip most songs _i'll admit that i never ever care about advertising, but these are a little bit much, just saying_
in a play list for a friend's band it played one song, then an ad, then some random unskippable pop song, another ad, one more song from the play list i wanted, then another terrible unskippable pop song. used to be a paying subscriber but didn't use it enough to be worth it. free version is about 60_ ads and unwanted songs. not balanced at all. i uninstalled the app. i'll stick to pandora and bandcamp.
i don't mind the ads but at least make them somewhat relevant. if i'm listening to metal i don't want to hear something for top 40 radio.
it has ads all the time and you cant listen to music offline.
this is a major issue as i don't believe in being advertised with a language that not everyone can understand. i don't get the message. fine with english ads though.
this is a major issue as i don't believe in being advertised with a language that not everyone can understand. i don't get the message. fine with english ads though.
better than you tube and other music apps. there are no volume problems for me. just one problem... i really don't like the ads, there are so annoying,  i hear pitch perfect ads every 15 minutes.
it'd be better if the ads consistently worked. instead it just breaks and then i can't enjoy any music. it's good when i can skip the ad in time though.
takes up too much memory in my phone. wifi im using is 75mbps and it still loads very slowly. cant select songs always needs to shuffle play. when i used spotify at my ipad i could select any song from my playlist with no limitations but of course there were ads. need improvement... a lot
best music streaming service but on the phone you can only use shuffle which is terrible. and there is ads.
freezing after ads.
i am also experiencing volume issues. ad mentioned by another user, i hope it's fixed soon_
all it does is play ads. and too many ads.. per. song. i get frustrated that i can't listen to the music i want without having to shuffle it and listen to five ads playing at once.
ads might only be a small issue we have to deal with but the suggested song is a load of crap i downloaded this app to listen to my favourite artists not listen to something not to my liking
the only bad thing is the ads and the 30 minute without ads doesn't even work after hearing the ad that said i get 30 minutes of no ads i listen to two songs and then an ad comes up i didnt switch stations or anything
this is a great app, however it is annoying that you can't listen offline.  i guess that's the point of buying premium, but also when i get a 30_minute ad free video, i still get ads.  not sure if this is only me though...
it is not the degree be great if there all the time digster advertising there is
advertisements prevent vc changing the music _ unbelievable, not to mess c u not sign the premium version
when i try to play a different song this ad comes up and it says to upgrade this app. and it takes for ever to load 
is basically a super app, only i think it failed _ that you have premium needs to be able to hear the music without advertising. otherwise great_
nothing pure ad click
everytime it tries to play ads it will stop and nothing will play until i restart device.  does not happen when using google music, so i guess i'll stick with google music instead.
as if i every fucking month _ 10 for a little music pay or music listening with advertising, what miss births
it will be updated continuously update szarabb. commercials, music recommendations _which may not have been suppressed_, more advertising ... to get the four stars because without them a good application
you cannot select what songs to listen to, only make playlists that will be filled with some songs you pick and a bunch you don't. money from advertising wasn't enough i guess so all features you would expect to be free are locked unless you have premium. there are far better music players out there so don't waste your time or bandwidth on this crap.
i can't listen to any songs at all. _free user_ please help. when i press play shuffle thw ad just comes out and when i press later nothing happens and the cycle just goes on. please help _
to many ads i can only listen to 2 songs and then 4 minutes of ads come on.
no word must be said but the fact that spotify is a millions times better they give really good play lists not even comparing the advertising unlike pandora there alot better_
guy, you made not just my day, but my month too. it has every single thing i want, most surprisingly i thought it wouldn't include gospel musics but it did. and the best thing is that there aren't ads so far. thanks a lot god bless you.
no matter gender, age and musical preferences. with spotify you have everything. and if you are postpaid customer in mexico movistar, your premium membership is completely free. 4g lte and all your music without ads, for one price.
it is very good but the ads ....
when ads come on the app will freeze on the spotify announcement prior to the ad. stays like that even if i close the app or try to change play lists.
taking the part of the advertising i have nothing to complain about
please turn off the shuffle button_ i'm not going to complain. most of the songs that aren't in soundcloud are in here, which is great. however, would it possible to change the shuffle play_ it shouldn't just be on the premium version. you already have no_ads in there. i really don't like repeated songs. i want to have more control  over the songs i'm listening two. i don't mind the ads, i just want listen to song that aren't shuffled. thanks for the reply if possible.
you place advertisement and you do not allow users to choose songs they like. the monthly fee is higher than those of cable tv channel. over priced_
this very well as application but i do not like ads and leaving many people without facebook can not have profile picture
i used to love this app. even paid for membership. just recently i decided to go back and learned that they have video ads. for those folks who the basic t_mobile plan. your monthly gb will get wasted here on the ads. unless your on premium.  and lastly there isn't that much variation on artists. just the mainstream ones.
in the mobile phone is only ads and when you fancy plays a music that does not belong there playlist. we can only go from 5 _ _ music _ and a playlist can not choose the music has to be random and is very slow application. but of course everything is solved for a price
you have to pay to play the next or previous song. you can't go to any part of the song, it just plays through. and about five ads inbetween every song.
this could have 5 stars because i accept this is the free version and i'm fine with adverts and shuffle. however the suggested songs are always awful and make me close spotify.
ase ads and leaves no good listening music
i really like but should not have advertising
songs skip on their own. ad free music offers freeze the app until forced to restart. overall. highly unsatisfied with my spotify experience
pity sa advertising _
spotify is very good but if you want to use all the potential of the service, you have to sign the premium and r _ 15 only if you will use forever. it's kind of expensive to type a user who just wants to use occasionally, not every day and such. i am the only user who wants to use from time to time but do not want advertisements and other things in the way.
these _small improvements_ are more ads
nice plays it nicely just h the ads that's all thanks
the advertising nerft
multiple ads after one song plays_ why_ fix you song queues since songs replay and go back to the start. also, try to put the play count of every song, not just the top 5
i am also experiencing volume issues. ad mentioned by another user, i hope it's fixed soon_
last update was a downgrade_ app doesn't close properly, volume is lower, and shuffle is broken. not sure how these are _minor improvements_ do you guys have a qa team_ you must because your ads always work
shame about the advertising really
the software is really really good. but one thing i do not understand. how can you complain about the ridiculous _ 10 _ because some people hear music all day and want it but not hear or advertising let ever pay the something_ the fee is already tightly calculated and i'm glad it all to get as low as i'm sure that this will not remain fixed forever. apart from rising more and more artists, because so hard something to be earned.
to many ads on here i'm not liking it.
ads started to become very
pointless application in the free version for nothing gives you the kind of computer you can listen to what you want and not here. someone came up with this advertising applications ...
covering sheet at a radio station advertising tactics
the app itself is great, it is played rarely advertising ... the problem is only wen advertising is remains they usually hang and you have aww app less video feedback and reload and 2. who you by listening to his playlist and there are times i say only 6 songs drinne he plays any other songs from the k_ntler_ _ 3. one can not soeziellen songs play as you for premium does what my opinion goofy the app you is because yes are downloading so you hear specific songs_ d
the only inconvenience is to be listening to a particular musical style and get terribly opposite styles ads.
without praemium advertising is not to be borne. ok, i have to buy the songs, it would be also first expensive. after 4_5 months i save but then a lot of money_ too expensive_
i was never very much less a music app that was paid, just wanted something to listen to my songs even decided to test spotify and enjoyed very worthwhile and worth paying too, despite the free version advertising they are not constant and not bother.
hmmm apart from the advertising ... class
i got me like nothing ever thought evil and have spotify in the background run. so far so good . then the announcement_ thanks to the following sponsor the next half hour is free of advertising. located in mocking the picture freezes and only takes a ton from the koph_rern that you can compare with a trumpet that nothing better to do than you penetrate your ear in exactly one pitch. all i could only be stopped by removing the battery. please fix.
you could eliminate the advertising and the man can always switch to integrate because no hours off to wait otherwise all good
but all s_per annoying advertising
since the beginning of spotify no longer works. 'spotify has stopped'. when will the times changed_ no more on deezer lust after each song advertising .... fixed the soon please _ _samsung galaxy note 3_
uppity always bring more advertising, proposed items are the garbage and too few skips. and if you get lucky with his song times just comes right in the middle of the advertising and song will return to a suggested song to push an already successful artist eh_ pure performance their money geier
before this update, i was completely satisfied with spotify for android. in between short advertising, but this was completely acceptable. now it looks like this_ no free select the title, no skipping tracks, no way title forward _ rewind, etc and the most annoying_ there are less than 15 tracks in a playlist will automatically _proposed title_ played_ ie music that i do not want to hear _non_skippable_. incomprehensible _ mainly because this only on the phone so ..
i install on my tablet 15 min ago time i record songs in _my music_ i click on one song and they said to me subscribe to spotify premium to listen to music without ads or you be _ wholesale g a music app or is not listening to music pe _ what's the point of doing an app for that fifteen minutes after we were asked to change app _ i read some reviews and if what you say is true g pa envi to pay _ 10 per month _it not look much but basically it is 120 _ per year_ an app for m _ _ _ so i uninstalls _
the app works fine, advertising, and you can suffer.
an excellent application. even without internet use. you find every song you want. i do not think there is a missing. in the ad also not mine. also free on samsung. at least with me.
every time i play my mom it pause and when ads come on it pause and when i play it it keeps stopping this app has went down the toilet
is a lock log, want to register directly with spotyfi and failed, i keep hearing ads premium and, finally, lousy
first off if u r thinking to get this app i would reccomend u not to. bcuz if u don't want to waste good money on premium then u would have to stick to the sucky spotify version. for example you have to stick with the ads, you can't listen offline, and you can't skip songs to a different kind. i think it is very very very annoying that when u are trying to skip a song a notification pops up asking if u want to start spotify premium for .99_ for 3 months, even after that it would cost _10. _ tax_
it just will not play anything keeps saying watch this ad but nothing happens. close relaunch and still nothing crappy program i'm going back to iheart radio
will not let you do anything without premium only hear a song from a playlist in random xada 5 advertisements
the breaks and adverts annoy me and the you  cant pick a song after six choices is stupid but all in all the app is ok
im happy with ads and random shuffle but you want me to pay _9.99 a month so i can connect and play through my amp. i don't think so, uninstalled_
this app is pretty good. i mean you  can listen to music and playlists created by spotify but the annoying thing is that there's lots of adverts that come up while you're playing a song and when you go on 'shuffle play' it doesn't let you see the next  song........if you know what i'm saying.....although i did rate this app well because i downloaded spotify to listen to music and it lets you search for artists and certain songs. i hope this is useful to you_
quite the seriously now i redeem soger advertising and even code believe it i hagt hope endertplatz and annoying no longer redeem with advertising and code
no more ads and i want replay ok if it that i wil say 5 star ok
its alright, i guess. its always popping up with ads and then it freezes causing my whole phone to shut down. that's pretty annoying but its got a really good range of music
with super premium. without unfortunately less .... just advertising, advertising, advertising ....
there is to take the advertisements_
much advertising and on top is going to other bands which not selected _not only at the time of advertising, as well as after, we hear more bands other than the one selected_. the app is all bugged.
this is my favorite music streaming app_ i rarely noticed ads. this app would be perfect if it had material design . keep up the great work_
duck these ads dude
i really like this app over pandora but i really dislike it when i am listening to a song and the ad comes up that says _ listen to the next video  to receive 30 minutes of add free time and then freezes the app. i really don't  mind the adds. but the freezing is the worst. please fix and my stars will go back to a 5
just put away the advertising and premium versions
a very good app. but i just bought the so i could not have ad. but i still have ad and can't do any of the other things as promised. help plz or i will want my money back.
it wouldn't let music play cause i didn't pay premium. and i would have been fine with ads. stupid spotify
this app just want you kidding from start to finish. with such deficiencies to targeted reproduction, advertising without end and only 5 skips per hour it taunts you always fetch premium to you. suitable for most hearing from some songs of a certain genre or artist. one should only get if you're willing to pay _ 10 per month for premium
don't like all the ads
preheat the best beautiful was actually there is still standing feature that we are listening very beautiful but now advertising advertising from music puts the ami aq.
it's kinda cool how you can get free music but that preliminary thing pops up it makes me mad _ stuped ad erg i couldn't play music for 4 hours because of that ad it gets fricking stuck
this update is terrible.  whenever i press watch video when asked if i want 30 minutes of ad free music, the app doesn't play the video, and i can't listen to any music without buying premium.  i literally have to uninstalled the app and reinstall it to use it.
almost every time i go to switch songs it has to play the ad okay whatever but when the ad won't play and it is stuck i can't play my songs for like 3hours until it fixes itself.
why always advertising
bok as ad description giriyosun together consecutively, into the music s_yo are_
ads are always fixed so you can not hear a long tikd and even the app to download again ..
when the _the next 30 minutes is advertise free thanks to the consequences_ show i'm not inside the phone so get creative if i'm on the phone and is built on spotify so refuse it and show your creative and wild not go ahead so i do not get heard the music d ,_
a few days after my free premium trail ended it came to a _upgrade to premium_ ad, from which it would not pass. restarted app many times over 2 days, just wouldn't let me listen to music. uninstalled, reinstalled and got to play 1 song, than the _upgrade to premium to shuffle_ came up again and again stuck there i guess until i upgrade. total bullshit. pandora i'm coming back_
many ads.
advertising does not come to the best part of what you want but you can find 5 stars
i was looking for a player that only plays ads. at last i found the spotify ... oh wait ..
_go f yourself_ was just played in an ad. fortunately i was on headphones and not listening with kids or anyone. this is unacceptable and should be completely avoidable with this mature of an application.
its a great app but you have to pay for premium and no ads
before it was a fantastic app but now if you're not premium you can not choose the song q escucuar quieras.antes if you were not premium you had q see ads which seemed normal to me now or pay but enjoy it or not. if you leave everything as before i give them 5 stars q deserved.
i find it regrettable that not to pay 10 euros a month, we can not or choose the music you want to hear, just put in random forces. the ads were spent, but this no longer. when volvais to put the star as before you devolvere.
if you don't purchase premium, you can't listen to specific songs, listen to albums or playlists in order, skip a few songs, or listen without ads. also, if it deems your playlist as _a little short_ it adds _suggested songs_, which is their way of just putting awful sponsered music. just use spotify on your computer, don't waste your money on premium.
this app is great_ the ads aren't so bad_
does this infuriating thing where it will freeze after saying _ the next 30 minutes are advertisement free after this message_ so annoying. also suggests songs. i did not order pandora. i ordered spotify to play specifically what's on my list. just fix it
really like it but hate the ads
this is the worst app ever who has ads on a music player when im tryingvtovplay a song it goes to another song worst 0 stars 
it's cool but against ago ad me its not bother me but i told her to ac or.
i really liked this app but it keeps freezing on me and when it says 30 min ad free its more like 2 whole days no music .. i really hate this app right now
i get that you want me to waste my my money on your worthless spotify premium, but giving me 4 ads about it every 3 songs is enough to make me want to hang myself with a strand of floss. whenever i'm feeling down i just think that there are some morons paying for spotify premium and knowing that i'm not one of them makes me happy.
stream all my music with spotify and love the interface and quality. only issue i have is the _short ad_ i can watch for ad free music doesn't show up_work ever on my htc one remix. forced to listen to music for that and then 1_3 more ads after that.
take away the ads
the hammer only advertising annoying
even the free version with the advertisement
my problem is easy to grip you stupid advertising that even no longer allows me now to the music back _ i would have to buy the premium ... but that is for me no alternative_ _
it perfect but ad way to customize the look and fell of the lay out
the app is actually quite ok. but what bothers me is that it all the time does not work if the advertising is. nervt pretty_ therefore only 3 stars _
you can hear every song if you have vip but it is best not to bring without vip one only advertising comes. the small inwestition of 10 _ is ok but if you can it hear every song in the world and if you do not are allowed by your parents then tell them so
_the next 30 minutes are ad free after this brief message_  problem is the ad never loaded and i can't play any music even when i relaunch the app.
advertising is exaggerated annoying. somehow you need for all premium. that's really stupid. it also pisses if you just want to listen to a playlist and take another comes shit. for what i have the playlist then_ _._ the pisses mega.
_watch this ad to reciece 30 minutes of ad free music_  _plays ad_  plays one song_  _another ad pops up_  not only does this lie pop up all the time,  but when i skip a song, its a 75_ chance to be the exact same song i skipped. i dont want to waste two skips on the same song in less than 3 seconds. other than both those problems, i love spotify. it just has occasional bugs here and there. fix this, and youll get 5 stars.
you can not jump from song oero accepted loa was enough ads ps and uninstall the app is good really just do not like to force me to buy something
the _30 minute free_ ad always stops and have to uninstall spotify and reinstall
i do not understand esque advertises free and at the end of the test, you ask 9 _ to deninstalo mes.la.
fantastic_ hate the ads though_
the ads are re annoying. but this good
the app crashes whenever rate regularly, the preziese play a particular track is impossible, you can only _radio_ start a then also makes meaningless proposals. all 3 songs come advertising wasted the grand total of 30 seconds. the design is awful, you can in the tracks can not jump to a specific place, but needs to hear from beginning to end. conclusion_ i do not understand how that could be so popular. the app is useless. i recommend you soundcloud.
keeps skipping my music glitches after ads keeps playing suggested songs even if i skip it will play again later on the suggested songs are terrible usually
just no. the playlists get messed up, wrong songs play, and ads
h. p practically force you to buy the premium, interrupting all the time with advertising. and the screen goes blank as if charged but is constant, it is really irritating ... _android version 5.0.2._.
used to love this app. lately i hear _the next 30 minutes are ad free thanks to our sponsor... _ and then nothing. no way to get past it other than force stop or restart my phone.
shame about the advertising and that you should use shuffle, otherwise best music app ever_
well it's just annoying advertising total
you can really everything like_ ofline listen create playlists and it can also free but with advertising and ils not listen ofline
i can not hear the music i want from the app on my phone why must have a premium for that, and there is an ad that says when the app actualizaramos we could listen to music without being premium please fix that
love it but hate the ads and the 10 second  commercials  that  feel like the longest 10 or 20 seconds ever. please do something about that.
people are making fuses over the ads and being locked into shuffle only on mobile devices. this is because your a free account. get premium to unlock all the features. they can't just hand out free music. so unless you pay for premium you get ads. feal with it_
spotify had in my cell for several months with a premium subscription inadvertently closed my session but wanted reentering tells me think you're trying to enter from another country aug
when i play music and it says watch this short video to get 30 min ad free it will not let me watch the video.
no sirbe. it has many ads and not let me listen to music falls silent x more than 30 minutes.
the ads are absolutely brutal. i used pandora with ads before i chose to buy pandora onr, but i can't even try spotify out because the ads hit in clusters and ruin whatever you're doing for a good 2 or 3 minutes. absolute trash. probably would have ended up paying for spotify if the trial hadn't been so intrusive.
diece que no ay ads _
desktop spotify is great, but the app is buggy, and riddled with ads
what is the point to download something _even free_ and plays what he wants that_ they could at least get ads.
covering sheet at a radio station advertising tactics you cut loose
h. p practically force you to buy the premium, interrupting all the time with advertising. and the screen goes blank as if charged but is constant, it is really irritating ... _android version 5.0.2._.
i really like the app. i think the ads are a little over the top. and the videos that play so i can have 30 minutes of ad free music is a lie.
needs to customize ads. cause i don't want to be listening to jazz, then heavy metal comes on
subscriptions_ is there any other way of subscribing like just consuming up our load_ just asking. but the app is kinda forcing us a subscription. why can't we play songs we want_ the ads are still okay though. love its user interface and all, just the subscription thing is freaking me out.
i was listening to music for studying, was already concentrated, and, announcements put me with music premiun regueton and i take my attention to the study. really. and i'm relaxed and i'm listening to songs inpaciente, never finished ads are like 5.
maps ad nauseam, sugar and bruno mars ..
won't let you play music until you listen to an ad ad freezes and crashes app
i've setup playlists so why shuffle only_ .. also when listen to calm music it's annoying that sometimes ads for othet playlists blare out loud, 'not so calm' songs.. it just kills the calm vibe... surely you can match the ads to what im listening spotify_  pls_
the free version does not allow songs to be chosen to play _ just playlists _also can not skip or rewind songs_ that are constantly interrupted by ads. also it is not possible to use offline. so it's not much different from listening to the radio. nevertheless, i liked the connectivity to the ps4.
but i hate advertising. i do not see why you have to pay to remove it. it is a drag queen. oh and fix that of _can listen to your music wherever you go_ is written in the free features and does not apply, of course. otherwise it works perfect
spotify_ the ad's get annoying and there is way too many ad's during the track times. i also think the artists_ bands profile section should be updated regularly with newer profile pictures and band photos.
its amazing and an excellent idea and it would be 5 stars without those irritating adverts, but you have to make a profit, or you couldn't continue with the app. so, exceptional_
can't stand this app anymore. too many ads. i had premium but hard times hit. i'll rate this app again when i can afford it.
it is a pity that so much advertising
but the advertising which sometimes comes sucks
no advertising more and free
too many ads, no choice in order to listen to songs and the worst_ we are forced to listen to music suggested bad taste_
it is the first time that i stop to qualify an application. spotify is simply a very, very good application ... i have a very broad musical taste and i found all_ too pleased and pleased. it does not bother me at all advertising and another trava of it. a wise move for those who love music_
this premium package advertising bugging me totally
i have premium account. and all good, going without breaks and without advertising, but the problem is that when i listen to music without internet, work and while i no longer appears no playlist, as if he had songs, fix that and get five star.
i find shit always comes advertisement
a must for all listening to music with your smartphone_ there is just about every artist and this is not really a lot of advertising. spotify has meant that i virtually no cd's more buy _i think that says it all_. only drawback yet that there is still some bugs recurrent is probably on android 5
enough to have missed the taste of the ad or what _ do i go to download something mp3 download spotify
it's great just q if i deleted it again to download q all songs give the 5 star but q fix that and q can be heard without wifi if you do not manage under star and ads q be removed without paying there are_
wheel bem..muito very good ... except advertisements ...
not bad but that d pay_ _ k bad muxos wave annoying ads.
the music is so amazing but you need to pay for ad free music
sick with me have your advertising metansela by ortho
i liked it because it's no ads xd
yeah sure, there's ads but if upgrade to premium....you won't have to deal with the annoying ads, just saying
if you listen offline onn and no ads were worth 5stars
_watch this video and get no ads for thirty minutes_ doesn't actually prevent ads for thirty minutes. ten minutes only. besides that, this app is fine for internet radio.
get suddenly turkish advertising and extremely annoying _have nothing against turks_
everytime an ad comes up my spotify freezes and i have to restart my phone in order to listen to music. please fix this_
it has a lot of ads but it has good music
loved it at first but after a week you have to pay to keep it going yet its supposed to be free music all the time faulse advertisement not impressive lieing to get people to sign up very dissapointed
the application is very good, but that if, if premium if you are a member free sucks_ ads, random plays, songs only with free, etc. or improve the free version or lower the premium
the ads are truly annoying. and overall, this app sucks since you can only shuffle music. _5 stars.
goodbye until i hear that song i want. why the tablet and the computer is free, while the mobile to a limit so_ and advertising and restriction.
i don't fancy paying for a radio station though. so constant ads asking me too are obnoxious. otherwise it's good.
with wifi you can play any music you want all you have to do is search and press. without the premium. but, still has ads.
i like spotify free, but the ad's get annoying and should be tailored to users favourite music genre. i also think the artists_ bands profile section should be updated regularly with newer profile pictures and band photos.
i love spotify plays exactly what i want. introduces me to new music. that was before updates _ after updating app i can rarely get it to play if i am luck it plays then one of those ads for thitry minutes free comes on and poof no more music _ please fix
just got it but i like being able to save whole albums at once. saves and plays well. only down is there are audio ads. but it's free so whatevs..good selection of metal too. big bonus_
can't play songs i want to play. need a premium subscription to do that. dont mind the ads but really spotify needs to do target advertising.
can't play songs i want to play. need a premium subscription to do that. dont mind the ads but really spotify needs to do target advertising.
really nice app but unfortunately they are advertised between throw and you can not push feathered bolgen the song so i say stop publicity and let people just enjoy the music
spotify on some b.s., why so many ads, two, the reason they have ads promoting premium is because they want you _9 for those extra features but maybe they could have put those features on the regular spotify and maybe they wouldn't get 3 stars,
great app for the music i love, but latest version, why i am forced to try the 7 day premium trial just so i can listen to music_ i don't mind the ads and lower sound quality.  please provide this as an option back to your users like me on android_  my 7 days trial is up, decided not to get premium, and now cannot stream shuffle play.  whatever happened to free music with ads and forced shuffle play _which i did not mind_  uninstalled.  i was using sony z3 compact.
skip songs very limited, the annoying ads non_stop _ i cant even turn the shuffle off. pls fix
spotify is very good and even for free. everything works not running advertising liquid and therefore annoying ... but otherwise just good
although sometimes put ads but this truth well
remove the ads
in one if the ads where you earn 30 minutes from watching a video_ the video freezes and glitches my phone and every other apps on my phone. other than that everything works, but please fix this.
5 ads in a row is that really necessary...
spotify is a very good application. you can listen to your favorite music _of course, only if you have premium_ and there are many artists. i love spotify but i collide ads _spotify premium download and listen to commercial_free music_ or ads radioshak _. besides, two months ago i can not open my account. i said _it seems that you are connected intentand spotify from a different country. _please, i need help. spotify is very good application
i do not own spotify premium so they give you the music you want but change your song to some random song you don't like.  ads show up within three songs and is a pain.
it gives you 7 days and after that u get ads and then it start saying u can't choose any song unless you get premium and it only let's skip 5 times hate it
we can not listen to our songs without ads, deezer is better
very good but i get many ads and not let me spend many songs in a row
one can only press shuffle and it plays tracks from the singer, not only from the album _._ then the _proposed title_ you can not skip when you can no longer press skip _._ yes that also comes yet_ may after about 5 times skip to not skip ... then even the advertising does not play ... spotify used to be better ... update_ connect is quite cool. on my ps4 i can then also tracks ausw_hlen.mit my phone and on a remote control.
often advertising between the track and in multiple numbers you select shuffle
unfortunately, the button option to watch a short video for thirty minutes of ad_free listening is not available on my device. i hope this problem gets fixed soon because it is very annoying to have that option pop up, only to see that the _watch video_ button is missing and have to wait for the option to fade and for the longer ads to roll. besides this problem, the app functions well and serves my music needs.
i will be sitting there doing my homework when an ad comes on. i wait patiently for it to be over and listen to my songs then 3 songs later the ad plays again. i want my full 30 minutes of ad free music_
the _ following sponsor ads_ usually get stuck at 0_00 seconds and i can't stop spotify or get it to start working and it's frustrating. now 5_ minutes of my music time is gone and the ads could be done by now
ads stops me to listen to music. doesn't continue it stops and forces me to use a skip
spotify is quite good ... i'm there but spend a bit sore still 10 _ _per month_ ... and spotify student costs just 5 _ ... but only for students ... i fande times the other version good, where you pay for 5 _ had the advertising is gone ... anyway quite well.
rubbish, you can not choose a song and too many ads
ok just got tired of advertising and that you can not skip a song
best app besides the almost annoying ads
when i walk outside will stop when they say_ always listen music unlimited bla bla not think it really happened dats just advertising for the money
it is eig. aye full well, but since all depends on who you advertising itself nich this premium hollt ...
because all the songs are but sometimes due annoying advertising
it is a ripoff for the first three things that has blocked me 5 times lasegunda mobile ads and the third mode aleatorii pq has not let me put q i want canciiob
scams. mass advertising, musicians and composers do not get paid.
even though i pay for spotify and had sony music unlimited i still can't listen to an album how it was intended without paying spotify more money. so as well as ads they also mess up the music...from a service i already pay for_ scum_
it's a good app but can be more generous and put less advertising for non_premium
i noticed that advertising is always faster. as soon as one or 4 songs heard so takes 3 x advertising. either you offer spotify only chargeable on or not at all. the free option is redundant_
its a great app and works well and i prefer a lot more than pandora or soundcloud since i can choose what artists i wanna listen to. as long as wifi is available  but the one thing ive noticed is sometimes when my wifi cuts out it'll try to show me the ad for 30 min of ad_free music but if theres no wifi the ad'll never play and the app will be stuck without any music playing. the only way to over come this is to reinstall the app which can be hard to do without wifi. other than that its great.
it is a good app just the ads all the time
advertising on the whole as any.
tv as well as advertised, the application would not be bad enough
for premium users probably the best app but if you use it free come together some confounding factors that could be resolved actually easy .. my current problem is that advertising has become much more. this sucks full.
extensive selection of listening that pays for the rights through advertising or a monthly fee. aboveboard
ads make this app unusable. i can't be having my music be interrupted by irrelevant advertising campaigns.
ads make this app unusable. i can't be having my music be interrupted by irrelevant advertising campaigns.
too many ads
can not play advertising ayo
i do not like that really expected much better, esperabe that by purchasing the premium version _test_ can not only remove the ads, if not you can purchase music and can not be because the files are encrypted and only the read this app, you never could occupy it at all, unless you're in spotify _or tone phone, or alarm, or anything_ pfff hopefully change that and really would pay to have it.
there is a bug with the ads and the app will stay stuck on the ad and not play it. have to restart my phone to listen to music again
i understand adverts and all that stuff making people buy premium, but why is it impossible to select which song i want to play_ pc version is nice, the app is a really bad joke.
besides. the ad's. it is fine
pretty good. great caterlogue. i can accept that if i don't want to pay i have to hear ads but those really loud and often video ads are really disruptive_ like that one for imagine dragons. that really messed with my stress levels and almost made me delete the app
even if you do not subscribe, it's not so much advertising
... if you do not need to pay for outside h net zenezni also might know you've been bothered by a lot of advertising ...
it's an okay app but find it annoying that i do not have premium when they say that they have it in advertisements ... but otherwise okay app
the application is good. but_ these ads, interruptions, limitations disgusting. disgusting way extra features you get for your money, but also to dissolve the barriers. no one_off payment is invented, so it is wrong. i pay to avoid advertising_ get him the f _ soma.
the application is good. but_ these ads, interruptions, limitations disgusting. disgusting way extra features you get for your money, but also to dissolve the barriers. no one_off payment is invented, so it is wrong. i pay to avoid advertising_ get him the f _ soma.
c'mon everythings on shuffle, random music pops up and ads. its like itunes for android except it sucks so much. i guess the only free part is the uninstall button. thanks a lot spotify.
it is one of the best applications to mobile and pc is super good and beautiful just, atarean ads ...
great app for the music i love, but latest version, why i am forced to try the 7 day premium trial just so i can listen to music_ i don't mind the ads and lower sound quality.  please provide this as an option back to your users like me on android_
now apart from putting up advertising i have to put up with suggestions that most likely will not have to do with what i'm hearing and followed more suggestions reproduce my play list, then to want playlists if spotify will play it that wins your ching ...
nice done very little advertising _ really good
tells me to _click here_ to enjoy 30 minutes of ad free music, while my phone is in my pocket. dumbest thing ever.
everything works application is fast, very broad database. premium account without ads
is annoying advertising
advertising is overwhelming. you can not listen to music on these condicionadones ..._
unbearable ads
i was listening to my music and the commercial for the go ad free for 30 mintues, and clicked on it and it froze my music.
app has improved so much and very little ads
i like the desktop version a lot but this app is pretty useless in free mode. too many ads, and i swear it plays all the least popular tracks first.
the only thing i would change is adding a sleep timer so i can fall asleep to music but not wake up an hour later to an ad...
too many ads
i recommend it to anyone practice like i exactly what i want is great and intermediate _important note_ this is a practice one week after beginning to be paid to say who, but this application in one week you special membership that is being without advertising, then you is tried and liked person is going private members_
they want to change the song_ only shuffle mode possible then plays songs not in my music there are the advertising is not so bad but the shuffle mode sucks because i do not want 10 _ numbers and function properly does all even if you could at least turn to advertising between all example. 10 titles that would be equal to much more pleasant but so_ no_
too much advertising
advertising during listen and play other songs than your playlist
spectacular the organization of this application. congratulations to it. that's respect their consumers. keep it up. the good deal is the best advertising a respectful service and washed seriously with responsibility and professionalism. thank you.
hanging himself at times when the advertising to be played. the only thing that helps then to restart the phone.
application very good even without stalling without hellish advertisements, recommend _.
the application is good not for the false advertising ...
i like but many ads
the advertisements are too long.
all important functions of a music player are disabled in the free version, this constant advertising and title suggestions that i do not want to hear. for occasional users the full version is way too expensive. duration users may come at your expense. fortunately, the subscription can be canceled monthly ....
a pity that has advertising between songs.
why does this app play on my phone one day and the next day it says i need a premium account and will not play anything but a ad that says. _the next 30minutes are ad free_ ....._
because let us not change songs, i mean we have to listen more randomly and on top of that there are too many ads. spotify has happened previously chevres
it says that there is no advertising in and around the five songs about i get advertising on spotify and sometimes falter songs and that's not fun because i love music and it is unfortunate that some songs require internet while it is that you do not internet need to spotify_ but it is very nice
to many pop up ads
overall it's good but there are always new glitches. the new ui is inconvenient, and it sometimes just stops playing in the middle of an ad randomly and then you have to restart your phone. then when you reopen the app it starts playing a different song than it was before. it tends to ignore what you tell it to play and plays a random, inaccurate suggestion. the lock screen feature only works sometimes _not sure if there's a reason for that_.
it annoys dauernt advertising of prenium comes not praucht you it takes away one only the money
ads are too frequently, in addition annoyed.
worked very well for about two weeks. then it started playomg more ads than pandora _which is free_ and would not play most of my songs without purchase. also would not let me take it off shuffle.
i like spotify really like but the app is really bad _ ongoing advertising music suggestions, etc. this disturbs total _ simple select beziehingsweise switch to another song is not possible_ please fix then soon happy again 5 stars
really bad app. would also give 0 stars if it would go. partially 3 times consecutively advertising, only random playback possible and only limited skip possible. the monopoly is fully exploited, so who would not want to download to save nerves just ...
after spending _3.99 for a subscription to milk, i cancelled it because annoying ads starting popping up. in addition, the same songs kept being played over and over. i tried spotify and purchased the premium subscription. with it, there are no ads and i do not hear the same songs over and over. furthermore, the music quality is fantastic_ keep up the good work, spotify_
u can not change tracks. and all the time have advertisements ... the advantage is the variety of sounds. it's good. but you can improve_
if you pay in month 10 _ for it is really very good. i have not yet missed a single song. operation depends as. when you hear a lot mudik it is worth _ 10 to spend in the month, which is spotify free version on the phone pretty stupid because it is constantly advertising and you can not search for songs and play them now and each playlist just messed play _shuffle_. one can only skip six songs if and only me on the day. who thus cope. so not me_
it won't let me play music. it wants me to get premium. i hate it. i'm uninstalling. it's so bad. i can't not install the premium and the ad for it won't let me not get it. i don't want premium but it's showing all the time. i'm stuck on an add screen and i can say no to not having adds. _the little button that says no thanks i'll keep the adds_ it won't let me press that and now i can't listen to anything on the app. i'm telling everyone to never install the app ever.
would have rated this app 5 stars however i pay for premium and suddenly over the last few days i'm having ads and can't choose what songs i want to play it's telling me to get premium so i try that and of course it tells me i already have premium please fix this as i will be cancelling tomorow_
after the music i'm listening to _you're offline_ if you know the guy did give warning of such programs yap_n..an that the correct ad placement .. a moment ago ...
the program is the largest dirt. dc again cut down since i had 5 minutes on advertising to see then that only songs in my playlist are that i have since not reingepackt. unreliable dreck program.
best ever_  _it_ even advertisement is not to frequent while enjoying my awesome playlist. great job spotify...lata.
so your adds say that premium is now free on mobiles if you download the latest version of spotify. well i have it and i still get ads and limited skips and unable to play songs offline. this is even happening when connecting to wifi, i am unable to play all my songs and skip after a limited amount of times. please explain this_ cheers
you can not save your music you must log select the song and wait empiese .there are a lot of ads of music where you want when looking for a song got to look for the artisa. the only good thing is that you can try if you do not like or the song _at the time_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
i love this application. excellent_ the only thing that bothers me are these advertisements. aaaaaaargs_ even hired a credit card to never hear these ads.
i love this application. excellent_ the only thing that bothers me are these advertisements. aaaaaaargs_ even hired a credit card to never hear these ads.
not much to say.  nice job bringing spotify to mobile.  though, i must say, it is kind of stupid that you have to pay to to have better sound quality...  also, some people are annoyed by the ads, but they don't bother me.
instead of getting paid every so often run ads for continuous monet
you can hear all the music and the premium mode without advertising
it has litte voice ads every once in a while  but free music
the amount of 'suggested songs' that i have to sit through is ridiculous. i understand that this is a free service, but the ratio of 'suggested songs' to songs i've actually tried to play is about 6_1. yes, 6 suggested songs between each song i actually want to hear. plus several adverts. that can mean  i have to wait 30 minutes or more between each song_ deezer here i come...
this app is irritating. you can't pick the songs you want and when my 30 minutes of ad free music is up, the app freezes up and i can't play music.
... but that frequently advertise premium comes annoying.
it gets a 1 star because it's doing this pop up ad when i click to do the next song or  i don't want to pay money
i love this app so much but the ads and that you can only listen to it when you have a wifi connection other that that its great
it is the best application q aunq had qisiera q eh best removed ads and outside q listen to music offline for free but that's all the rest but this father
at one point the app asked me m subscribe to listen without advertising is i can no longer listen to is i do not want to subscribe m
i find this app really nice because you can hear all the songs for free. well the advertising there is understandable because the yes also to pay somehow.
waaaay too many ads, there's normally 2 after every two songs.  for some reason certain tracks are missing from albums, even though they don't have explicit lyrics. whole albums are also missing from a bands discography, when the rest of their albums are present. also, closing the app on my phone will stop the music playing from my ps3. i recommend sticking to cds and ipods.
many have called for that is different the way windows android ... but he's paid you u want it to be working the way it works in windows has to pay and get even better as advertisements go out and the sound is even better
provides good music streaming services with a lot of musics. it has some ads between some songs, but it is ok, since it is free to use
everything goes well except that its connectivity is very sensitive and the ads are annoying
so i think the app really great, i have indeed on the ps4, although since advertising is but also i complain me not because the app for free is and nico to your comment because of the not load the cover and so that is not due to the app but probably ehr to your internet connection.
now, i would rate it higher, because it has plenty of great music to listen to that i just love, but it keeps on stalling, there are points where the app just force closes and cuts off all the sound to my lg optimus l1 2 smartphone until i restart. this always happens at 30 minute ad free ads, and it got real annoying real fast. fix now, i may uninstall if it doesn't get fixed soon. i have forty well needed well deserved mbs i can free up simply by uninstalling spotify, don't make me do it. edit_ got worse.
the update includes ads that are virtually virus
they went to hell_ now if we fucked those who use free, listen to your song, then send you song suggestions and over 3 consecutive advertisements. premium whether or artist to listen without interruption.
so terrible that someone should invent a word to describe how bad it is. doesn't let me play my own music, _even with connection_. even when it does play music, it plays either advertisements or random songs.
but remove the ads, so it would be perfect for that i give four
no advertising, but something bad has to be in its free version. for now, 10.
i dont mind the ads but one ad over and over and over again is annoying try some new ones for a change
for as few times as i get ads and have been on the old version with premium skips only, this is a blessing and grants a 6th star from me_
it's good if you have the full version. if not, you can only play random music and yoy have lots of ads. it's still quite good.
with the sale of personal information online there to make a personalized advertising, it seems silly advertising system spotify ... if more things to do minimally announced related to what you hear ...
very nice just too much advertising
fun free no advertising and all the music you can listen to music in various ways.
playing a shitload of ads doesn't make us want to get premium it's makes us want to delete this app which is what i'm about to do haha tis a shame because this is a good app
cant find half of the music i want .and most of the time when an ad plays after it, spotify freezes and wont play my music again until i re_install it_ it also plays random songs when im listening to my playlist sometimes_ not to mention that it costs nearly 10 dollars a month just to listen to music_
the annoying advertisements between songs give a slight sustinho, the limit jumps reduce the quality of the app
music stops always with advertising and constant invitation to praemium. you desperately want money, otherwise no music.
in the beginning everything okay every 30 minutes advertising. everything which but one can live even 7 days trial premium subscription and then nothing was more than _normal_ user. select no individual songs or in the pack warteschleife shufflen the playlist songs midst proposed and skip the proposed song_ is not because that's only premium content. rip on quite a low level. samsung galaxy alpha
but the ads play perfectly. 
i love to listen to music i like is a very good option to listen to music without having it in your will and ads do not bother
but could that if you want to remove ads
good app just unfortunate that quite often advertising comes in between
i think it's good that you all songs can invite the present sindauf his playlist. however, you only have a certain number of skip when you just do not feel like a song, you have to hear it. and as a non_premium there immermal advertising that is quite well designed. there are really a lot of songs and roughly speaking, the app is very good.
it just keeps saying,_get premium and listen to ad free music everywhere._ and it won't let me log out.
really you find the music you like and can q encontras and learn much more _ the only thing wrong is the very repetitious advertising ... the perfect rest _ and i put the 5th starlet tmb that now you can see the letters. ideal_
i would the app 5 stars but without giving abo always comes the advertising between integrate and annoying
audio ads are annoying sometimes o_uy your ge_emiyorsu _p
i'll pick a playlist for the shower, it plays the first song and initiates an advertisement... but doesn't play, it wants me to look at the horrible ad which i have no interest in anyway. so i'm in the shower for however long with no music. i mean i'd be more opt to support your company if you had a three second ad saying _company name_ supports your music_ i would immediately go to your store and buy because you had the forethought not to waste my time. everyone always needs a product you're spewing, but t
i'll pick a playlist for the shower, it plays the first song and initiates an advertisement... but doesn't play, it wants me to look at the horrible ad which i have no interest in anyway. so i'm in the shower for however long with no music. i mean i'd be more opt to support your company if you had a three second ad saying _company name_ supports your music_ i would immediately go to your store and buy because you had the forethought not to waste my time. everyone always needs a product you're spewing, but t
back in 2012 it use to be free music with no ads and pick witch song u want.now they don't have it anymore. but it need to come back asap
once you like a song on the radio, you can't unlike it and the radio i had picked was liking songs for me, even though i'd just created the station, please fix_ also, several times after watching a video to prevent ads for 30 minutes, it goes straight back to ads after one song, very irritating
you can hear no songs but only activate a shuffle function. in between you will be spammed with advertising. absolutely not recommended. dear am listening computer ...
advertisements every time you buy appears to the full version when you download a song only you can hear through the application
advertising advertising advertising advertising advertising advertising advertising advertising_ page ads in every part of the complete covering_ new was in did not have before. we no longer any difference from ordinary dime does not apply.
advertising advertising advertising advertising advertising advertising advertising advertising_ page ads in every part of the complete covering_ new was in did not have before. we no longer any difference from ordinary dime does not apply.
whenever i want to hear music comes there_ the next 30 minutes, thanks to the sponsor advertising free. and so i have heard only three times music
while the application is in order, the volume of advertising seasoned at least attack. i have nothing against advertising, but not so loud.
it took three hours before it be near to download the apps, frankly we say that this is done on purpose to eat all the credit of those who are not unlimited. i tried at least three times so now i'm going to do good advertising everywhere, spotify_
i understand that you can not hear music without internet, the quality is not as good and advertisements ... but what i hate is not able to listen to the song i want without having to put the _random mode_ without premium, by example_ if you hear a song on the radio, street, shop ... you like the want and you leave several options, instead of being able to hear a bit to see if it is correct, you have to go to the artist or album and put random and end can not hear the way you want ...
the application worked cuter than me, but suddenly i get an ad that says spotify has stopped and i can not play anything. please fix soon the application.
q only appear many ads and i asked myself over and over again
advertising advertising advertising advertising advertising advertising advertising advertising_ page ads in every part of the complete covering_ new was in did not have before. we no longer any difference from applying to ordinary worthless.
advertising advertising advertising advertising advertising advertising advertising advertising_ page ads in every part of the complete covering_ new was in did not have before. we no longer any difference from applying to ordinary worthless.
ingenious the app you can listen to music and that too free, you have to stop advertising in purchase take but it is to get over because you do not often get. have my recommendation download, install and have fun_
i remember the good times of being able to play single songs as a free user, the adverts were annoying but for this ability i'd suffer them. now it's gone to shuffle only i might just delete the app and listen to music the old way.
i love the app but the three things u hate about it is that one it says it's going to be _ad free_ for the next _30_ minutes than one song later there's and ad and it gets anoying the second thing is that it last without internet for 15 minutes than it stops third reason is that i can't just listen to the song i want to listen to and i think it kind of stupid that i have to pay to do those three things  but i do like the capability to any song without having to pay
tried this before but since an update came in you can't chose to play individual songs. must have premium to do so. i didn't mind the adverts but since this has been taken away the app is now redundant. back to the old ways of listening to music for me_
pass fanciest money for ads that apple remove plis
there are certainly other solutions to advertising to install, than to let them constantly undergo acoustic ... and that after every third song to fourth the annoying over time. ingenious implementation with the function to connect to the playstation or car, really makes the mood for more but as i said, if the only way to stop the advertising is to have to pay for it, then i'll slowly but surely aggressive. and if should agree what my friends say, to pay after a month anyway what i'll need deinstalieren the app ... there are other ways to make money. you guys are otherwise always so creative. better implementation of the whole _ 5 _ 4 _ which is already very generous. my opinion
hp, virtually force you to buy the premium, interrupting all the time with advertising. and the screen goes blank as if charged but is constant, it is really irritating ... _android version 4.4.4._
this is way better than pandora because you can choose your own song and its free,also it has not so many ads but they are small.get this app now
well i like the music is nonstop without ads not to recommend it without ads recommend to you
no way_ there were ads in between the songs we already use for free. it is now practice recommendations come from_ nonsense of the lowering in the quality of that kind of application.
i have since yesterday simply determined advertising during the song comes, and then just comes another song_ if this is a mistake better improve_ if it is intentional i switch to deezer. you always hear spotify will be a service for enjoying music, and then comes easy advertising w_hrernd a song_ badly_ if that stops, no matter obs is an error, or whether it is intentional there again all the stars_ but das does not go_
i hope not to have advertisements.
lets me listen to my totes fave songs but need to pay for update so u can listen 2 ur fave songs without wifi and ads wish u can update 4 free it would get more stars and likes_
pros_ helpful emails when ppl u follow add an album_ great sound_ not too data hungry_ broad selection incl many indie_bandsintown artists_ good interface_settings_ playlist system is great_ no beatles or taylor swift hurrah_. cons_ poor personal service _ verging on abusive_ difficult to unsubscribe for a month if you have no pc_ ads are annoying in many ways_ no acknowledgement of payment_ shuffle doesn't work well_ crashes easily_ loading difficulties_ faulty widget. overall app rating 3.7_5
i love using this app when i'm getting ready in the morning but this morning, the _watch this short video and receive 30 minutes of ad free music_ came on, but when i tried to watch the video, the app froze completely and wouldn't play the ad or let me change to a different playlist. i've just reinstalled it, let's hope it works this time.
i get to listen to songs that i've never knew it exist before. i've found some good and awesome songs through this app, so thank you so much. but please reduce that ads.
excellent app, however let the automatic advertising as well as in windowns have to click on the ad to continue is a bag and unnecessary
excellent app, however let the automatic advertising as well as in windowns have to click on the ad to continue is a bag and unnecessary
spotify please again as on the pc with advertising and not _any expression_ shuffle mode ...
the app itself is good, but only the to hear if you are in the net, and n q has to be premium. when you ta with net and want to hear, still have advertisements. but on the other hand, it has all the songs q u want
pointless application in the free version for nothing gives you the kind of computer you can listen to what you want and not here. someone came up with this advertising applications ...
free no advertising perfectly
it's just not very good because of the advertisements ....
nonsense ads premiume var.mesel to go and try to imagine who you live or something formally necessity arouses a sense of flattery. but dig something good that 4 percent.
lets me listen to my totes fave songs but need to pay for update so u can listen 2 ur fave songs without wifi and ads
it is the best app when you have the premium but if you do not pay out ads when you hear music and you have to necessarily listen to songs that you do not have. in short if you buy premium download it and if you're not going to buy the premium for my not worth
is gose class, blo advertising disturbs
forcing people seemed to money. lots of ads and the inability to select a specific song until you buy pro. i give 1, and look for improvement, because apka in itself brilliant.
in the middle of the music charts advertisement just throw something silly idiot. in the middle of a quiet pop music list ot frustrating
it was better before now pure advertising
i like all advertising as all free users, and not allow me to change songs when i please, that's wrong. and those who come to complain, i do not like paying the premium.
chines and malay advertisements keep on playing after 2 or 3 songs. really annoying. i enjoy the playlists tho. apart from the adverts its a cool app
al princio all very well but then i get the ad and can not escuxar any song unless the premium k k vaje me fix this costs money and give them 5 stars.
like almost no advertising, and can simultaneously games games with music
needs more ads
listen normal advertising, but not able to select music to play is illogical. in tablet itself can but in cell _which are to move anywhere no_ correct that_
i had it costs what and consumption always wlan _ invites you is music lab mp 3 downloder better stop sometimes but advertising _ but just better _
i know that the free version will have ads and all_ i accept that.  however, the ads are too frequent, and some are back to back.  please change_
it is so cool that you can listen to any song you want, even though there is advertisement it only comes on every once in a while i think the did an amazing job_ _ _ _ _ _
just got it but i like being able to save whole albums at once. saves and plays well. only down is there are audio ads. good selection of metal too. big bonus_
it is a great app the only thing is on the top it says try a 7 day trial were i can do it wityjout wifi but when i tried it would not.     also adds there is aton of ads before or after songs
and not only that but it gets you in the lists songs you have put us. among random ads and do not want to put
only regrettable day t you listen phone or on your phone shows, station reclamea day et nie can listen on your pc without advertising ....
when it decides to go 30 minutes ad_free, sometimes it doesn't play the following sponsor ad and it won't let me play any music.
awesome_ exactly what you need for music. some of the reviews are misleading because they don't realize you have to have premium to save_download the music and play the exact song you want to from a playlist with no ads. if you dont have premium, it works more like pandora. the difference is you can make a playlist of certain songs, you just can't instantly play one specific song. it will shuffle through your playlist. upgrade to premium to avoid it.  _10_mo is more than fair for unlimited music downloads.
the advertising was lately re extremely much, shuffle annoying apparently more and especially the battery consumption is also risen sharply in the closed state, resulting in that i normally disable the app.
it's a great app but kill the advertisements
i expected more but it's just like pandora just like one more skip and not as many ads but im still sticking with pandora here
i understand that you can not hear music without internet, the quality is not as good and advertisements ... but what i hate is not able to listen to the song i want without having to put the _random mode_ without premium, by example_ if you hear a song on the radio, street, shop ... you like the want and you leave several options, instead of being able to hear a bit to see if it is correct, you have to go to the artist or album and put random and end can not hear the way you want ...
you reproducis 3 songs and then are two audio advertisements or talk like walks in the cell, not playing in the background sometimes the next or back button appears ... for that i downloaded the song or cd in question.
i can not understand the positive rankings. the application has to be perfect, personally the ads nor bothers me, however they find fraud may have to pay for such a basic function, ie selecting specific songs. bother me too much, powers and rated. i hope to be corrected in the future, then the application will be worth 5 stars.
spotify unlimited plays ads on mobile.  super sketchy. desktop app does other intrusive things like running at startup without a way to disable it.
also needs to have ad hoc add to queue feature. creating playlists for everything is annoying.
even tho im not a premium user here it was awesome until the last update. it is saying that i was not online even tho i am. the commercial in betweem song is enough. but asding like a popup advertisement is seriously like fuck.
it is very good, the only bad thing is that those who are not premium they are putting a lot of advertisements, but apart from that music with a lot of sound quality.
every two songs in one ad frank better _
you could make fewer advertising between songs. not come purely in the list changes that please
lately walks catching a lot, improve it there_ but other than that and the 3 advertisements followed the app is great
constantly tells me i'm offline.  i rely on my playlists as a writer. they help fuel my stories and even though i'm connected to wi_fi it tells me i can't listen while offline unless i upgrade. yet you advertise free playlist access.  please fix this.  i understand paying for offline access but i'm online and nothing.  fix will get 5 stars
why is there suggested songs while my playlist is playing_ i don't mind the ads.... i just thought the playlist meant that only the songs i wanted to hear would be played.
very good app. i believe that is the best for music. as long as you are a premium user. if you do not have to hear it lol ads. still no songs of the beatles_ _
i can not understand the positive rankings. the application has to be perfect, personally the ads nor bothers me, however they find fraud may have to pay for such a basic function, ie the choice that song. bother me too much, powers and rated. i hope to be corrected in the future, then the application will be worth 5 stars.
i can not understand the positive rankings. the application has to be perfect, personally the ads nor bothers me, however they find fraud may have to pay for such a basic function, ie the choice that song. bother me too much, powers and rated. i hope to be corrected in the future, then the application will be worth 5 stars.
wish i could listen to music without 5adverts after each song and some of the suggested songs i wish i could just be able to block or something_
30 mins ad free commercial get way to repetitive not to meantion they are a ay to long im starting to thing that rejecting them takes less time. also no matter what you're doing it makes you watch the video without asking you. fortunately i've only been affected by this when playing games but ok could really screw things up if i were to do important things. something that might make it worth it would be watch video for free skip
advertising as advertised at night do not like crap
too much advertising
one song, two adverts. repeat. utterly tedious.
too much advertising. it makes no sense that you get music for sleeping and half out an ad with ca_ero pace
too much advertising. it makes no sense that you get music for sleeping and half out an ad with ca_ero pace
i download my basically because there is not a decent application to download music in toooooooda the store, so here to listen ads every fucking minute with this app as a _ d
very good but if quitarais ads better _ i have all the music you want and i love it because i can put it on the playstation 4 _ i love _ and so i give it 5 stars _
waiting for about 2 to 3 mins to load a list of songs every time you want to change artist or whatever is ridiculous, also the adverts that advertise free spotify while you are using just that is stupid.
of course, annoying advertising and you can not listen directly a song but must hope for good luck, it is coming soon _in the free version_. but you can learn about a lot of songs and performers thumbs know of which you've never heard before and what you get never out of my head ... high for the app
really great and beautifully laid. real case all songs and with the advertising my full understanding for it is indeed free. so thumbs up up up
ad galore impossible to make precise searches, read_imposed shuffle playlists and especially to the album up ...
i have some small playlists, tired of the terrible _suggested_ songs making me endlessly skip, leaving me listening to songs i don't like 'cause i'm out of skips. don't mind ads, terrible suggested song f_k you.
i hate how they have super long ads after just a few songs. you can't even choose a song you actually wanna hear. instead they play what you don't wanna hear and if you missed the first part of a song well too bad you can't even rewind. and every time i'm online it says i'm not. please fix this, edit the app.
sometimes bugs happen like it freezes on ads and i have to wait for a while for it to be normal again but ok
on the pc i find spotify well as a kipper you can play the song which is only possible with premium on the mobile version that i find really schei_e.es should rather be constructed as the pc the advertising is there and one each song one wants to can play immediately. and to emphasize is still that there is a real data_eaters. i rather stay with deezer
the world's all artist here is turkey's best music sites. you can listen to free music _sounds very little advertising between songs just did not have before they put limits in march 2015_, based on the contents premium feature is not expensive, but there is the problem of credit card_ will not give up the use of music lovers. _mar 2015 almost all turkish and turkish artists albums added._
very disappointing, began putting an advertisement every few musics, but increased up to 5 repeating advertising is ridiculous
no one likes to have to pay to listen to what they want. and no one wants suggested music. so stop. and having 4 ads in a row is sickening.
free mobile app is bad_ only play in random mode and does not choose the tracks. no longer just the ads, restrictions and quality of lower audio_ keep up the web to release, or pay the pro version.
annoys those ads
many ads
the app would be as good, if not permanently, this premium would come advertising_ i can not even turn a song on, before i accepted this premium version. i want but do not have_ so hard to understand_ _._
your new ads will get better now been cut loose_ one ad was missing_ premium membership is already asking when we want to play every radio station.
was always happy with spotify. for some time now you will be bombarded with advertisements to switch to premium. for me was ok with advertising_ if that does not stop is the app immediately back down. listening to music makes so no fun_ really bad
this app keeps stopping on the ads i have to wait almost 30 minutes to listen to music ridiculous_
it makes you think that its free but if you want to have it on your mobile its like _10 a month i think that its false advertisement it should be more clear that its free apart from mobiles. ive uninstalled this and installed a different, free app _  _simple mp3 downloader_ its way better and i would definitely recomend it over spotify
paid version can also ofline and without advertising _ super lauwww
really super but a pity that sometimes advertising comes i say download that app
most annoying audio ads to ever exist.
great app but too expensive per month to get rid of the ads and increase sound quality.  maybe if i was young and had just started out collecting music  the money would be worth it. but i'm not,  so brilliant apart from the annoying ads. really needs chromecast support.
i am so glad we don't have to deal with the shuffle playlist for non subscribers. i don't mind the ads at all.
this is honestly the best music app. i don't even mind the _9.99_month for the premium subscription. the ability to play any song, any time, ad free.. to make playlists of my favorite songs, follow friends _or discover other people's_ playlists. browse published playlists by genre or even mood. this is the only music app i have_need.
i abhor, it's horrible. will not let you choose the song you want to hear and to have advertising. horrible
i do not like that you have to listen to the music at random order and you can select not you and top it off you have to pay for ads that do not leave
they could take it away, i use the good pc, listen to the advertisements after the songs, but the phone is impossible to use if u want to hear a specific song
very advertising
problems logging in from different countries, always trying to push you trough facebook, it crashes a lot. lots of ads. uninstalled
has some albums are missing the best songs _ if you are not premium pa no good or dogs, and that false advertising _ free on your cel and liars _ tab
hello, friends would say i am very pleased with the progress of spotify in brazil. for me this is the best music app category, not lock delivers what it promises the ads are less invasive, and all the integration and compatibility with leading market players put you in the top. thank you.
no ads just music to my ears
can i just listen to one song instead of shuffle play the entire album _ playlist on free_ i'll listen to relevant adverts in between like a radio station
been a paying user for a while now _those ads are atrocious_ still my favorite with a great interface. i still need to be able to organize playlist on the go
i love this app you can play for free every music listen even if from time to time comes advertising is not so bad. but yes, one could also hollow premium, although what kostest but not much.
hp, virtually force you to buy the premium, interrupting all the time with advertising. and the screen goes blank as if charged but is constant, it is really irritating ... _android version 4.4.4._
1.this advertising annoying. 2.man have to pay for who you want to bring away the adverti. 3.man breucht good w_lan for statement_ you can create a music style you select at the beginning and so over and over other music art will continue to receive all goes faster with good wi_fi. but you can also search and songs to the app as favorites but do not quite ruterladen that's the disadvantage .... aufjeden event is the app gamz oke
unless you want to pay a monthly fee, get ready for hours of _suggested_ spam music. i made a playlist, and for an entire hour i listened to ads and music that was not on my playlist. it gets so annoying, i'm switching over to soundcloud.
i installed this app this week on my phone and ps3. several differences on both devices. the thing that bothers me the most is obvious, and i know this review will get overlooked. but, everytime an ad gets played it gets stuck on one device eother my phone or the ps3. the ads are destroying this app. first it was pandora and now this. also, the quality of some songs are absolutely horrible.  also, no beatles... just cover bands...
advertising is mega annoying. but otherwise a cool app _
top marks for that in the ps4 was too good_ in the cell ... could place advertisements for other brands and make more constant and let the method _paid_ and add to swap music for free users, so they would gain from free and paid users ... just a tip. but what a great program
you pay not to just remove ads but to play songs in order and download the
butt... in some playlist it plays the same song three times in a row and i waste my 5skips  and there's times when i get like 7  ads all in one
spotify is a very good application. you can listen to your favorite music _of course, only if you have premium_ and there are many artists. i love spotify but i collide ads _spotify premium download and listen to commercial_free music_ or ads radioshak _. besides, two months ago i can not open my account. i said _it seems that you are connected intentand spotify from a different country. _please, i need help. spotify is very good application.
only thing i can't stand are the ads_ _why pay _10_ a month just to get rid of ads...when u can just close and re_open the app _ say _byeeee commercials_
as already said, the premium buy really worthwhile. advertising nerft each and thus can the developers also support. besides these _ 10 are not much. for people who do their songs are suitable zufaul all zusuchen isr spotify. simply lieblingsgenere enter and you get proposed class playlists.
suggested song _ in a playlist of 5 topics _ i have enough bancar two advertisements by topic and random play _ now, two songs suggested between songs ... are pathetic _
i really enjoy this app, but all frequently i end up listening to an extended block of advertisements under the guise of getting 30 minutes ad free.   the ad free half hour might happen 50_ of the time though.
i really enjoy this app, but all frequently i end up listening to an extended block of advertisements under the guise of getting 30 minutes ad free.   the ad free half hour might happen 50_ of the time though.
in cell phone it is a waste if you do not have premium you can not do anything .. not let you put the song you want, you have to put randomly compulsorily if you give the random mode puts you a suggested song as if the want to hear, will not let you overtake the song, does not let you change the song more than 6 times, does not let you see the name of the next song, and above all you also put some ads that you do not feel like listening to music on spotify ..
very good app all you have to be premium to listen to the song you want without advertising
too much advertisement
works good fat sum advertising new music but works perfectly
the app is fine but only if you pay if you do not pay can not choose the song you want and you leave many ads. i prefer other app that are free or at least let you choose the song without paying
although hat niggles but no app is perfect ... what's updates_ _ d spotify is a large enterprise .. the advertising could turn out quietly after all soundcloud provides the same or identical service and is based on the _follower_ principle .. and has no advertising_ 3
it has advertisements and is almost mandatory to have premium.
you're listening to a song and makes you look and ads have premium is 9 99 per month
just love this app but i don't like the ads in between listening to music but still it's a great app
too much long ads so it ok _
it's good, but the ads are not the best right _ but i loved'm listening to music 24 hours a day, loved it.
i love the app and i love that i can play it on my playstation 4 now as well but it seems to get stuck on the ads when they play. it plays through it then stops all music
if you do not pay the premium, then the app is not good. positive_ there are to find many different music and discover new. negative_ the playlist only goes in one direction. skip does not work. previous not funktionierto. not everything can be heard. the advertising does not bother me personally, it can be ad_free listening for half an hour of music. of the better quality promised at premium i remember no difference. offline listening is only possible with premium.
at first everything well. i have premium account and ads appear
there are very few ads, unlimited skips, and you can make youre own playlists_ 9 times out of 10 this app is better than pandora
you cant go wrong ,except for ads
why not put the ads on this version too_
do not put the _ s song _ s you want to make a list of the artist in question as he wants and before putting you put a couple of ads, and not to insist so that they can post on your facebook, in short a mie _
when you hear music, and here comes advertising then stresses the mega
when you miss it for free, it is for music all the time do not listen to choose deja you break eggs over advertising and does not have all the artists or albums todoa. a waste of time
it is assumed that if you want to have the options to choose your songs like a normal player must pay all know that in standard mode somo can hear music online with ads and random, with premium can have it all _ and not expensive _ excellent app _nomoretidel
not enough freedom to listen to chosen tracks.the app only allows random play and ads tracks you haven't selected
there comes always so advertising and asks how to improve the quality. logically you idiot. turn with walkman or smartphone from sony and clear audio
i think that it is normal practice of free ads from up to what one gives the number of premium rights in the 3 to 4 pulls only say _
the application really cool only the continuous advertising .....
ads continuously interrupt when i'm listening to music in other apps. uninstalled with a vengeance.
only it is not possible to add music to your songs from a locked screen _and then the unlocking, appeared icon or want to add to your music _as a precaution_. update_ something here clearly spierdoli_o, advertising every 15 minutes can not normally listen to music _no, i can not afford the premium, i do not have a bank account so wgl._ was. 5 _ changes to 2 _. another ... thanks to spotify_ another ad_ yet what_ we'll see if the music is interrupted, but these ads ...
only it is not possible to add music to your songs from a locked screen _and then the unlocking, appeared icon or want to add to your music _as a precaution_. update_ something here clearly spierdoli_o, advertising every 15 minutes can not normally listen to music _no, i can not afford the premium, i do not have a bank account so wgl._ was. 5 _ changes to 2 _. another ... thanks to spotify_ another ad_ yet what_ we'll see if the music is interrupted, but these ads ...
this good although the ads bother but outside of that is good app
there are so much ads the ads even complain about it.
support is sometimes difficult to reach. it is a mystery to me why there is no right starredplaylist more, both puzzling to me why there is still no automatically generated playlists like itunes. or at least a play counter. why, however, as many now complaining about advertising their free versions, i'm off completely. what exactly do you want_ millions of songs completely free without advertising and without any restrictions_ pf.
i have a question, if i pay for the premium version and got 30 days  premium with no ads, will i pay again the following month_  oh and if my free trial expires will i recover the songs i've downloaded_ and can i pay for it using my globe sim card_ i'm from the philippines so it's kinda expensive here but i'm willing to pay.
the reason this app is a big let down is due to the fact that you can't select a track you want to listen to unless you pay. but what i can't understand is why put adverts on if i can't select a track. where as on youtube for example vivo you can select and listen_ watch any track you want after watching an advert. so i will stick with youtube for now but i will use this app on my ps4 as it's good to put a random playlist on while playing a game.
however, one must still sign pointed selection _20 million songs _ and even stories _ there are 3 versions_ one euro 0, then comes advertising. then with 5 euros and advertising for students. and then 10 euros without advertising. i would recommend 10 euro. this is the best_
very great app. enjoy using it on my ps4 and phone. even the ads aren't bad and are very short and not annoying. its like music unlimited but free _
spotify is an excellent service, and has a decent app, but it costs too much _yet another monthly bill_ they really add up_, and there are too many ads in the free version. my partner has a subscription, but i can't use it unless she isn't using it at the time, or pay more for a second subscription. this is stupid. netflix doesn't do that with videos. you should learn from them_  also the web app should be able to do all the things the desktop app does, and the android app should be able to as well. minus 2 stars for the price, limitations, and different features among platforms.
but the audio ads are too often should decrease them
great app, no issues yet but ads.
it forces me to pay to move from song, nothing to do with the pc version is very good, i do not understand why not put advertising rather not let go of a song. finally, if sprucing it would get 5 stars
music you can listen to only the random mode, songs can not be skipped, constantly advertising, instead of my own music demo songs will be played which you can not skip. could not hear my song because i can not select it.
the free version works very well, but it has limitations because it is free, such as_ advertisements, is not allowed to choose the sequence of songs, download list offline etc ..
this is a great app the only issue is how pushy the app is for me to get premium every 2 or 3 songs it gives 3 ads _repeats the same 3 every time_, it's getting pretty old with that and don't feel like paying for premium since pandora does the same but with less frequent and shorter ads and yes it has less songs but not as annoying with it's ads plus they change them about every other week
even a massage on spotify, please mention that your example also turkish music in the repertoire have in your advertising o. _. what will be a deciding factor for many. i think.
why it is not like in the pc version_ unfortunately, you can not hear the music you want. please then change full star. advertising and the rest's all right but select the is stupid
i switched from pandora last fall after being upset with certain targeted ads. the plus side of spotify's ads is that they're related to music and other things that i actually may be interested in and i really don't mind listening to them as a result. however, there are a lot of ads where the volume is way too high i've been noticing it more frequently. i listen to them happily as a free user but also prefer to not have my ears on the brink of bleeding or having to dive for the volume controls every time.
has all the music i want for free sure there's ads but not many and you can always upgrade to ad free for 10 bucks
i really like what ads are bad but other than that this very good
i hate advertising
actually ne good app. but advertising is annoying and i'm almost always offline_ _please let his advertising ... lg.
only it is not possible to add music to your songs from a locked screen _and then the unlocking, appeared icon or want to add to your music _as a precaution_. update_ something here clearly spierdoli_o, advertising every 15 minutes can not normally listen to music _no, i can not afford the premium, i do not have a bank account so wgl._ was. 5 _ changes to the 2 _
splendor _ ps4 embark on a cool game while playing. those ads is too little, but never mind _
everything is perfect, only the advertising annoying
if you want to use it for free then don't even bother downloading  the app.  every second an ad pops up telling you to sign up for premium.  literally every second you have to click out of the ad. however the ad freezes the app so you still can't get anything gone. i was decided wether to use google unlimited or spotify. i guess my choice is clear.
but hope not too much advertisement inside spotify..keep it up guys_
since the last update advertising _
ads aabout premium_  go for it_ this app smokes pandora by a huge 100 percent.  the ads were a bit pushy but i sakd why not a free week trial with no sign up what soever. and o god. this app is just perfect even though ive only used it for about a week. if you like pandora get this. comes with much flexibility for what you want to listen too , rather than it gives you.
ads are irritating and too pushy about premium.
the only gotcha is not that they play ads _i don't expect something for nothing_ but that they are _substantially_ louder than the music programming _just like tv_. this leaves me scrambling for the volume. i now have a timer in my head that accurately predicts the end of the last song before the ad starts. not cool. everything else is awesome, though.
i used the free version for about 6 months before i purchased the premium version _i mostly use it on my mobile device, plus i hate ads._ great service_ radio variety could be better and the only other complaint i have is if my phone moves it occasionally will skip tracks. i thought there was a way to turn that off but i haven't been able to figure it out. defiantly recommend to everyone who listens to music.
we have a paid version so no ads. my boyfriend and i can easily switch it between his phone or the computer at the house. we both have play lists saved. it's perfect. i can even find bands i wouldn't expect to find.
i am so disgusted. why the hell can only 'shuffle'n on the phone _ this is empty. advertising is bad. but commercials _ seriously_ and if i make annoying 'shuffle' already use must why it simply uses music from your 'song radio' i. not. time. hear. want._ i just want this playlist hear and not anything else_ i want to choose what i hear without a single playlist for the song i will hear will be created. _olivia.
it keeps stuck when i lock the screen and ads wouldn't stop when i tried the 7 day prenium
i don't mind the ads, lower quality but unable to select music is very irritation. only shuffle mode. i'm using phablet. on tablet and pc is fine. grrr_ money money money.
too many ads. _
why do i get advertising even though i have time left on my subscription_
i love spotify and pandora but why do i have to have premium to not have ads
the app itself is good if you have premium. but we are about 4 and then even with spotify family _ 24.99 is too much for me. it remains only the advertising option. on my smartphone and tablet it's their smartphone with my premium account even with my wife. as soon as i but on all devices, the promotional variant take other account, it is only on the tablet and that you can not select individual songs only shuffle. please fix this with advertising variant individual songs can be selected.
so many ads. so very many ads...  i know they want to push people to the paid version, but seriously.
i like the older one better i don't mind the ads but i'd rather pick my own song on my playlist then push shuffle play because sometimes no all the time i just want to pick my song sorry
i wonder where i take a doubt. i am a premium user a few months ago and yesterday in the middle of the playlist back advertisements, when i see the signature appears as if common and when i try to sign again does not come from the same screen, what to do_
the major glictch in the syatem is after already paying the _free_version always overrides  the paid account it should reqognize  you alrwady paid and stop trying to upsell the premium service.              linked with facebook, no way to log out. paying_10 month, but keep getting ads and have no offline use. no customer service phone number or support.  uninstalled and reinstalled new version. emailed customer service with no response.  save your money and go with a different service like pandora
i had an advertisement in video form just now popping up over another app i was using.. wtf spotify
i use now for a long time the app as a premium user and must say that i am more than satisfied. of course there is always room upwards, however, the beautiful, the latter is used consistently to improve themselves. last to be said_ whoever complained about advertising or limited options should not forget the music is not in vain. there are 10 euros a month almost borderline little.
not of or to choose q music play and full of advertisements, app mercenario
there will heeeelee time advertising in the middle of the song_ i would not recommend this app _
two children of an ad amk
started using it last week and since i started,i thought the ads were quite irritating,so i just went for the premium,and good god the app was perfect_ no problem whatsoever,highly recommended.
free version_ i put up with the ads _ use it to decide what to buy
much ad is the only bad
it is great complies with advertising
sorry spotify but i'm fed up with your ads, they are annoying. i don't believe in credit cards so being bombarded every few minutes by credit card ads is just insulting. plus the lack of chromecast support, are you serious_
but to much ads and some times do sent work
i've been a premium member for months with no issues and now my account is apparently a free account that includes the ads... contacted support and am still waiting on a reply on what is up with the service. love spotify, but come on folks.
the application is actually really great music, i loved it. so i'm not willing to pay per month to be able to choose the songs you want to hear, yeah cuz free so even if u ride a playlist with songs from your taste always comes advertisements and music q vc n wanted and are they still choosing sequence. clear who have willing to pay per month have a great aplicavo and n exchanged for any more.
mt good but advertisements fill the bag
the free version is grotttig. initially ne advertising comes from a _sponsor_ and it is said that half an hour now nothing unexpected. after 2 leidern is then again a .... man is formally compelled to buy it
spotify is so great but because the shuffle and the advertising it sucks _ ps_ please the shuffle fix pls
your new update has robbed me of my premium account. i've logged out and back in, and completely re downloaded the entire app. it still says i have a premium subscription, but tells me to upgrade when i use premium features. please stop stealing my money if you aren't going to let me use the advertised features
excessively high prices. functions for mobile phones are limited _only shuffle_ now also advertising in video form. this app should be banned
each bull p_remiy favorite song i wanna _alacakk the consecutive 4 5 tn one ad veriyo sometimes even verdier oluyo
every other song it feels like i am hearing at least two ads in a row.
i can not listen to the songs i want on the phone could have been advertising the event in the pc version
before gustava but ads ...
unless you posra_o. every two seconds advertising and playback at random while the same songs.
if one gets no premium, you can only hear the shuffle mode music. one can not get out looking for a single song that you want to hear. you can even skip a limited number of songs in shuffle mode_ and as they turn even advertising _ which alone would be so fine. compared to the pc version absolute rubbish _ and i wonder why_
abu secure the downloads have very limited applications b b premium verceksek money in listening to music. you can not pick the song you want to listen to as many songs as you want between the pieces do not pass the advertising koyuyo just because you nervous premium account now she practices a_l_yo slow songs a_lm_yo immediately after nerve ettirip sin is blasphemy, man sokuyo
this app is the best_ i also use it on my computer as well. its missing a star because i would love to be able to pick my own songs instead of just shuffling. i prefer having it the same features like on the computer. ratger listen to ads than not being able to pick your own songs and limited skips.
but after a while i can not play music without internet and has ads. improve that and i put 5 stars
i think i need someone to explain how to play songs of ad line
i am one of the satisfied users of spotify. i do not understand what there is to complain about yet. i mean, if one with google play music makes spotify is cool because the all free is and i hope it stays that way. so if you were to ask me i just say _top app_ still, i would recommend premium. but i come without premium clear i have my playlist and just listen shuffle and already the problem is solved. the advertising i hear with you.
besides that force you to pay for the premium subscription now you have to swallow the reggaetonera advertising. the update is for each song changes
ansich really good app, but it is annoying that you have to buy premium, just to hear his own music and no ads. furthermore, in my opinion is far too high according to the price_
at first it is wonderful. but after just free time u can not download, listen to music you want. it has advertisements. and you have to pay 14 per month if you want low and back to listen to the music you want
i ask only one thing_ let me hear what you want on the phone even without premium, the ads just give me really but having to hear a song you do not like ...
i do not feel bad that you put ads that do not premium, the bad is that it was never released 15 minutes and more ads.
so far there is to complain to. runs stable. unrestricted access to music for the little bit of advertising is absolutely fair.
it's difficult listening to music using spotify free because the premium ads pops up after every song and spotify will just stop playing. _
i use the free version because premium is to expensive for me  i understand ads but after the recent update there are way to many. i get 4 ads in a row and a few songs play then i get 4 more ads. i like that they added the ad where you watch a video and its ad free for 30 mins so that nice _ altogether though i've never had a problem with it,  and its my go to music app, also i always get commercials for music i don't listen to, you guys should make it where music ads are based on the music you listen to
pros_ helpful emails when ppl u follow add an album_ great sound_ not too data hungry_ broad selection incl many indie_bandsintown artists_ good interface_settings_ playlist system is great_ no beatles or taylor swift hurrah_. cons_ poor personal service _ verging on abusive_ difficult to unsubscribe for a month if you have no pc_ ads are annoying in many ways_ no acknowledgement of payment_ shuffle doesn't work well_ crashes easily_ loading difficulties_ faulty widget. overall app rating 3.7_5
why not put the ads on this version too_
problems with the update i have not _samsung g. s4_ but i hate that one is really forced the premium package to buy_ _ constantly annoying advertising and unnecessary sp_merei ... really annoying _
i loves this app_ much, much better than pandora. you can't skip to a certain point in a song, you have a limited amount of skips, ads play in the middle of a song and end the song whem the add is over, and you hh hh can't choose a certain song areh my only complaints only but those can problems but those can be j fixed by premium. _if you're willing_
ads keep coming up _
they could use dezzer, if you add favorites you can listen to your liking .... the only problem, a small ad, but if or better than this
unless you'd like to pay for premium, listen to ads, shuffled songs, and suggested songs, i wouldn't download this. you can't even listen to your songs when you're offline_ that's not fair_ plus, they don't even have many songs. like from childish gamino's album _stn mtn_, they're missing the song money baby. _
you only ilusiona, te leave listen 4 songs, after squatters internet, have ads and if you want removing them squatters ser premium, this application stinks _
n has option to choose the songs q if you want to hear. the program only touches the q he himself chooses, even vc making a playlist. i did not like it. out advertisements q pass constantly.
used with the mute my ad app, it's awesome
worth even in the free version. for some ads you hear your favorite artist.
i love spotify but there is only one problem many ads forgiveness but if you have too many haci ads if they can not fix that and then a song an ad that also falls ill.
that if i change right track when going to finish these hearing no ad
i did not ever like anything else from advertising
despite ads and limitations of the free version, to give the idea of _what the full version offers.
good app. too bad that the advertising is not attuned to the music that i listen. missed opportunity.
advertising all the time ... finally it according to what one hears
it is an excellent application and those who complain that they can not hear what they want or ads that come out with the premium but believe that what the business
i don't mind the shuffle play to much or adverts. the app works perfectly fine when its in the background but when you are trying to search for some music it is just constantly popping up asking me to post to facebook even when i have the setting turned off_ fix it please, its incredibly intrusive.
i love spotify but putting random songs in my playlist is annoying. picking songs would be nice but it will eventually surface. the main thing is the update has ruined the smoothness of the app. video ads are good but in between and during songs there are problems. overall good app but if you can sort this the app will be the best music app period. also put a song identifier on here.
no good music comes free. so stop complaining about the ads, and just pay for the quality music that you get to hear. the free shuffle function is more than good enough to enjoy the music for free. one of the best music apps there is _ 5_s all the way
i have spotify downloaded on my kindle fire and it works just fine. i downloaded it to my phone and i can't play any of the songs i can easily access on my fire. all i could do on this app was click on the huge try premium ad in the middle of the screen. uninstalled.
really spotify_ if i dont have premium can't do anything_ shuffle songs, ads, can't play songs that i want_
the application is just ok if you're in premium, was waiting for two weeks to pay for the premium after my 15_day trial, until it touched me as i listened to john coltrane an ad in the middle of the list on a concert reggaeton background _ at that time the application hate, with that attitude ever in pagaria life.
says 30min ad free after ads but still comes up before 30min. very irritating. fix it_
without paying for premium, you cannot press the play the last song button_ how stupid is that_ don't waste your time, this app isn't as good as the ads say it is.
you should get this it is great really no ads and no commitment at all.
premium and expensive tactics constantly advertising for a short time at a premium and
if you do not have premium all depends abundzu advertising but the is ja ned bad. one can no premium nor any song at any time for free since it has only random reproduction but since you eigentlichnur has songs like the eindm
many people complain about things like random and advertisements, but they must understand that this is business, who would give his job to free_ if you want to enjoy the best benefits must pay, they do not expect to receive much without giving anything in return.
can not heard a minute of a song before it comes up advertisements that music stops_
this is what an advertising man comes in two songs
the app is really good, but this thing about advertising is really annoying
what should i say_ without exaggerating, it has nothing works. abgeseheb from advertising. this was 10 seconds and then has the whole app brought to freeze. gg
so_cool store music without end for 10 euros a month or free and without advertising the app is top
taking occasionally an ad the best application for shot music
but could leave advertisements on screen only and not stop the playlist.
i personally love the sportify and q understand the free version survive adverts, however i find absurd not be able to hear the music i want time to click on it. sometimes it's the only one that i want to hear what you guys do and suggestion of another and never one that chose_ this irritated me deeply
the only defect is that it has many functions already paid with advertising.
if so many ads from flowing, so it was excellent application.
if only it had intelligent ads that didn't give a pop playlist or album after things like rock or metal, even if it just judged by the song prior to ad for such things as album releases i'd be happy. also its rather funny i think i got a spanish ad a couple of times now. overall i like it and it just needs a small tweak.
you get to download songs but don't get to choose what you want to listen to not to mention the constant ads asking you to upgrade to platinum version  utter waste of time
not good can 1monat or so listening and then comes frequently that premium to buy and the music also depends continuously and advertising is also increasingly and then there is also _get yourself premium and music commercial_free_ actually i would be no star and premium also costs 2 euro anything
super app with too much advertising in the basic version
to this can be like _ order here spent 10 minutes waiting to advertising has reached a completely different story .. and until then pusti me that what i want ... no return and bleed again ... it is nicely onto the ball ... probably stick with youtube ... there, at least i let what i want now ... program on globular ....
very good figure you can get a taste with a bit of advertising in many albums and home choose the music you want to get
it's great to make play lists from all your favorite music. good selection. too many ads . a lot of them. also what's this _suggested song_  thing_i want to hear what i asked to. not what spotify hints i should. this app could be better. edit_seriously stop the suggested songs_ i am getting a half hour of them_ it is very annoying. now im getting full length hip hop suggested songs in the middle of my psytrance play lists. stop_
i love spotify because you can listen to millions of songs and if you have premium like me you can play your music without wifi and u don't get ads in between your music
updates little spot advertising. thank you _
if you don't purchase premium, you can't listen to specific songs, listen to albums or playlists in order, skip a few songs, or listen without ads. also, if it deems your playlist as _a little short_ it adds _suggested songs_, which is their way of just putting awful sponsered music. just use spotify on your computer, don't waste your money on premium.
great, free albums for free_ with ads, of course, but is really good_ brilliant for rock or metal fans who don't want to buy every single slayer album_ plus you get bonuses like slipknot's shawn crahan saying like hi and and enjoy the album_ i love it, get it_
this app is great apart from the adverts
i've been a loyal spotify premium member for a couple of months shy of a year now and honestly, i wouldn't dream of turning back_ i loved it at a reasonable _10_month and i'm loving it even more at their student rate_ having every song i could ever think of at my fingertips with no ads is amazing_ the playlists are so easy to create, the bands and songs simple to find, and offline play is great_ the only complaint is that after this past update, it lags at the start of songs sometimes.
best of all this type_ it is a pity only need to buy a premium version to be able to take full advantage of all the features. on the laptop i have too. and there's only what it once in a while appears advertising to listen to but you can fully enjoy all the features.
such a good app but the ads happen too often
actually a good app. the advertising almost no longer bother me. but what bothers me is the fact that i can no longer open for some time spotify because immediately _spotify is stopped_ is and so far nothing has been done. i hope it will be fixed soon. _phone_ samsung galaxy s4 mini_
it won't load a 5 second ad so i can listen to music like okaaay then. back to pandora then
at the beginning it was great, even though i only have the free version. and it played one ad every once in a while, now it plays at least 3 ads in a row. and i'm sick of it. fix that please
10 bucks a month to listen to anything i want whenever i want completely ad free. can't beat it
the advertising annoying
advertising as advertised at night do not like crap
just updated after a recent phone reset and now it deletes all my downloaded data every time i close the app on my note 4. same on my nexus 7. why am i paying for something that doesn't do what i am intending for it to do as advertised again_
shuffle only on the free version is kind of annoying and there's quite a lot of ads. but no real complaints.
fun app just stupid advertising through them
my htc m8 has not complained _ sounds great. yes, it's not perfect. but they keep trying.got the premium. more options. less ads. love it.
could the smaller size of my samsung s5 mini be confusing spotify_ it's like it keeps failing to show a full screen ad.
i open my mood appropriate temayi and listen for hours. less advertising very song
honestly. this is cool and all. but the shuffle play being the only way to play music really drained on the experience. i'm trying to listen to one album, 4 randomly selected songs off of the aforementioned album later i hit an ad, after said ad, it played a song from the same artist, from a different album. i didn't select the album i chose so i could listen to another album. shuffle play being the only way really sucks. great sound quality. great music, great selection. but the shuffle play killed it.
there are some complaints about having ads, this is not a free service, they have to throw ads to make revenue to pay there servers. if you don't like ads like me just pay the premium is a no brainer 10 bucks month for an service that i use all the time.
it skipped a lot in the older version, but it's fixed now_ and they don't play very many ads. i love spotify_
recently an ad will play for around 5 minutes then starts playing a song that is about to finish then another ad will play.
the songs are played at random clicking is not possible in the app. this control of the music is missing. in addition, always comes advertising. i recommend as soundcloud as an alternative or own music.
i made a playlist and know matter what i did it wouldn't let me play my songs. go under playlist, hit song i want, plays one direction_ everytime it was a song i have no interest in. your description falsely advertises your features
spotify's losing his mind _ bullshit commercial songs are playing while i'm listening an ep from a band _ but don't be afraid, ads _ads in video format too_ works totally fine. no thanks to you, you guys lose me
premium ads on the force very disturbing've lost me. you will also lose other users.
the sound is very good and there are very few ads ... worth_
pretty sad that 90_ of the ads in spotify are from spotify. who infests their own app with their own ads_
the ads are already bad on its own, but the shuffle upon that is just really annoying, please remove shuffle only so we can listen to our music again.
was listening to music and a advertisement came up and froze the app. can't do anything now_
stream whatever track you want. whenever you want to hear it with no ads and no annoyances for _10 a month.
i heart radio is way better. better stations, non invasive ads, and it doesn't constantly skip while i'm on roaming. this app also has trouble losing music at all most times.
please add official android tv support_  i'm very disappointed there isn't an official app for spotify available on android tv,  please update and make an official android tv spotify app, that offers free ad free streaming_  i'll update my review once i see official update for android tv
shuffle mode is still repetitive _uses no play memory_ and radio mode is dreadful. the ads are laughable. music cuts out easily. poor album selection and lousy contact service. good sound quality. widget is highly defective and produces misleading messages. the app tries to give the impression you will have many interesting additional features if you subscribe. not true. they make it difficult to unsubscribe and are terrible to deal with. don't let the _jokes_ that accompany their feckless updates fool you.
it can play songs that wants to be free. without advertising and above all do as a normal odtwa_aczu or without a premium account.
an okay app, but almost useless without premium. unless you hear your own playlists are always popping _suggested song_ just random songs from the artist you hear. it has 6 skips which is incredibly little and advertising at every 5th song, and you can just put on _shuffle_ mode so it plays random songs from your playlist
when you give me an ad that will allow me to have ad_less music if i watch a video, i would like it if i could actually watch the video. spotify has me whipped to check my phone when those commercials play, and i want to be as cheap as possible in my bleak existence, so can you guys allow me to be cheap without teasing me about ad_less music for thirty minutes_ the watch this video button is not visible or something for me.
it's great to make play lists from all your favorite music. good selection. but for us broke people who can't afford to get premium_way too many commercials. a lot of them. also what's this _suggested song_  thing_i want to hear what i asked to. not what spotify hints i should. this app could be better. edit_seriously stop the suggested songs_ i am getting a half hour of them_ it is very annoying. moving app to 2 stars from 3. argh. also it freezes when saying the next 30 mins are no ads.
does what is advertised. it's great
the number of ad and began to very prolonged period
i can play any music i want to listen to no ads
now, i would rate it higher, because it has plenty of great music to listen to that i just love, but it keeps on stalling, there are points where the app just force closes and completely cuts off all the sound to my lg optimus l1 2 smartphone until i restart. this always happens at 30 minute ad free ads, and it got real annoying real fast. fix now, i may uninstall if it doesn't get fixed soon. i have forty well needed well deserved megabytes i can free up simply by uninstalling spotify, don't make me do it.
spotify, i love your app, but there are certain things which are irritating to me when i use it. as a non_premium member, i constantly have ads and premium offers shoved in my face while i listen to music. music is a necessity in my day to day life, and to have its continuity interrupted frequently is annoying. i would sign up for premium, but i can't afford to pay for it every month while in school. another issue occurs when i am trying to listen to a new music and it plays old stuff i've already heard.
i hate ads so much, never can give 5 stars if they interrupt music with ads
works pretty well, however i seem to be having issues of it getting stuck on ads. once the ad announcement comes up it gets stuck and wont play the ad or let me do anything. the only way i can get it to work is to force stop the app and start the player over again. i would rate 5 stars if this was fixed.
wish premium was cheaper but i will deal with ads. great service. . .  update_ always disconnects lately after a few songs, says no internet connection. had to literally reset my mobile data for it to reconnect. everything else was fine to.
shuffle mode is still repetitive _uses no play memory_ and radio mode is dreadful. the ads are laughable. music cuts out easily. poor album selection and lousy contact service. good sound quality.
i spotify so far only on the pc used and there was always annoyed by the advertising. but i hear my dear after each song 30 seconds advertising as the i have to dig five minutes by the shuffle mode before i found the song i want to hear. conclusion_ app deleted and the music again drawn to the internal memory. edit_ what's more, one can often skipping only conditionally, which means that you have to listen perforce songs you do not want to hear.
im probably gonna get the ad free version soon
when i open it, it's a black screen with three white lines and one grey box and i can't do anything. where's my fifty shades of green_ _ _falseadvertising
i think it us very good for music but if u don't have premium there are always ads
my fav music app but sometimes when i go to a playlist to shuffle play,  it pops up some annoying ad to try spotify premium in which you may accidentally tap it but it happened to me so spotify should add a _are you sure you want to activate your 7 day premium trial_ or something like that.
it has almost every song i look for and there isnt ads after every song
i find it good but there is too much advertising it therefore only 4 stat 5 sternen
there are almost all the songs and it is clearly also no advertising and you can also listen to music offline _with premium_
no longer waiting until the end of the song from the ads, but at the end truncate the song and be accompanied by advertising. such practices certainly do not encourage people to buy premium services
no longer waiting until the end of the song from the ads, but at the end truncate the song and be accompanied by advertising. such practices certainly do not encourage people to buy premium services
very good sound perfectly. only soundtracks it nerft always occurs only advertising for music and it should urgently be done what it n_hmlich the one limited to the phone sklips doooof has please change
clap the thing with advertising, plays after every track advertising, fair enough, but i can only hear the shuffle and not have the ability to skip songs that i do not want to hear, is extremely annoying because sometimes even get 2 songs that do not belong to the album that i've heard and then not again until one of the album_ why this difference between pc and mobile device _
super beuge not remove ads and above it there's all the music you want
come on. i hate that you have to pay so much for premium. and i hate that you have to upgrade to premium to free stream a song when you want. i'm on the trial for premium and its great_ _dddd but when it goes back to normal imma hate it again. so please at least let us not have to do mixes and stuff. you can keep the ads if you want, but seriously let us just stream a song when we want please_ because sometimes in just feeling a song and i want to listen. sometimes i dont want a mix
well, i must admit that since i moved into spotify it made things a lot easier.  it plays smooth and well in my device, and of course with the device control it's a lot easier to skip songs in between games _ other stuff.   since premium is not a demand, you can always stick with the free version, but unfortunately you'll have to shuffle and listen to ad's. but otherwise you should be fine_
offline music is not too much advertising of premium
way way way better than pandora and it barely shows ads now that's ballin
the idea is spotify really cool but you can not touch in a playlist, the songs and they hear on the pc already. clear spotify not get so much more money but it can make even more advertising the
you can only skip a select number of times and the ads make me sad.
music for free, with advertising content. in itself not a bad idea, but i did not feel like it, that to me some songs imposed i want to hear at all.
just really good. never skips or anything. wish it didn't have ads though.
30 mins ad free commercial get way to repetitive not to meantion they are a ay to long im starting to thing that rejecting them takes less time. also no matter what you're doing it makes you watch the video without asking you. fortunately i've only been affected by this when playing games but ok could really screw things up if i were to do important things. something that might make it worth it would be watch video for free skip
my recent experience with spotify has influenced me to resume pandora. your updates and annoying ads for yourself  _preventing me from playing anything now, even with ads_ need to realize this is not the purpose of radio and i know y'all don't give the artist's much money anyway. peace.
i think to get more skips you should be able to listen to an advertisement optional
best music app. i even like the voice of spotify advertisements. this app is simple, hopefully it remains that way unlike most apps when they progress.
want premium can't figure out how to get it..love the app but can do without ads
more greedy than pandora with ads. idk how thats possible
actually a good app. however, too much advertising and i think it's stupid that only the shuffle running phone. on tablet you can choose what you want to play obwohls the same app. would be great if the well would on the phone. premium i find definitely too expensive.
i don't get why we need to pay to listen to good music there is a ad every second or somthing poping uo telling me to get spotify preium its stupid
i started using this app about a week ago. love it. but for some reason now it stops playing whatever station i'm listening to and it pops up the ad for premium and i have to close the app completely to play anything only to have it do the same thing. i would consider premium but not if it's going to perform like this.
great music, anytime, anywhere. the advertising is very limited in the free version.
i don't like this version of spotify at all. sure, it plays your artist of your choice, but this new algorithm is terrible. instead of it playing or prioritizing the _popular_ songs, it's just a cluster of everything. there have been times where i just finished listening to a song, skipped the next song that started and i got the same song. oh, and the ads, i constantly get hung up and a never_ending load of the _sponsored_ ads which give you 30min ad free. i regularly have to force close the app when this.
since the last update are listening in a car or train is virtually impossible, because the reproduction is in bad connection every time completely interrupted by advertising. please fix, then there again 5 star.
free version too much advertising. prime 10 eur somewhat exaggerated. despite great app.
now, i would rate it higher, because it has plenty of great music to listen to that i just love, but it keeps on stalling, there are points where the app just force closes and completely cuts off all the sound to my lg optimus l1 smartphone until i restart. this always happens at 30 minute ad free ads, and it got real annoying real fast. fix now, i may uninstall if it doesn't get fixed soon. i have forty well needed well deserved megabytes i can free up simply by uninstalling spotify, don't make me do it.
i'm glad this is taking over from music unlimited it's much more stable and the ads aren't intrusive at all. i might even upgrade to premium.
everytime it says, _please watch the following ad for 30 minutes of ad free listening_, it freezes up and won't play music so i have to reinstall it to get it to work. please fix this.
advertising is annoying, too bad you have to pay to take that away. further top _
well organized, great choice and top suggestions. in particular app very well constructed. so listen makes music fun. who wants to bring the _premiumapp_, then you have not advertising _but not really disturbing, is short_ and a difference to sound quality i have not heard.
i've been pretty faithful to spotify,  however there is much advertising. lately, the app has been glichy. not playing music or skipping to the middle of the song when i click play. sometimes i've opened the app and clicked shuffle play, and nothing plays. as much as i like spotify, i will switch to a different music app of it doesn't work right majority of the time.
please add official android tv support_  i'm very disappointed there isn't an official app for spotify available on android tv,  please update and make an official android tv spotify app, that offers free ad free streaming_  i'll update my review once i see official update for android tv
better than anything i tried. but there is to much ads
i'd rate it higher, because it has plenty of great music to listen to, but it stalls, there are points where the app just stops and cuts off all the sound to my lg optimus l1 until i restart. this always happens at 30 minute ad free ads. fix now.
i understand that the ads are supposed to be annoying af so that im more motivated to buy the full app, but im broke and having 4 ads in a row seems like too much... _
stupid ads
annoying advertising and always facbook query
it was 5 stars but now that i actually started paying for it, it no longer works. no problems using it with the ads. i uninstalled it and reinstalled it and it still doesn't open. very frustrating_ _
super app for listening to music, only with me always comes at the same ads of graham candy nothing more, and each time i have to log off and log back the annoying after calming time, otherwise 4 1_2 stars
before play 3 times advertising. and after each song the same again. also, you can not play specific songs. _disappointed
high quality music is all you need for life. just reduce the number if ads and this app is the best
the only problem i have is it'll glitch during the 30 minutes of commercial free music ad and i'll have to reinstall it. but otherwise i love the app. good work_
the songs are played at random clicking is not possible in the app. this control of the music is missing. in addition, always comes advertising. i recommend as soundcloud as an alternative.
my fav music app but sometimes when i go to a playlist to shuffle play,  it pops up some annoying ad to try spotify premium in which you may accidentally tap it but it happened to me so spotify should add a _are you sure you want to activate your 7 day premium trial_ or something like that.  update 3_11_ really_ my music stops playing randomly now and i have my headphones plugged in and it's not them. i will rate 5 again if spotify fixes it
if i see one more ad for premium everytime i open the app i'm going to stop listening to music all together. thanks for ruining my day spotify
doesnt matter what i do, which song i play. spotify will just play a suggested song, which is usually just some gluesniffer music from the toplists. when it has played a couple of garbage remixes, it tries to make you listen to an advertisement or three. its like a radio station app that plays the same sh_t over and over. youre not gonna make me buy premium by harassing me. worst experience ive ever had with an app with that kind of budget.
its good in all but 1. i can't change my profile image 2. its not playing my music anymore because it paused or froze on the advertisement.
too much advertising and not enough features in the free version. i know that all i want to earn but to use the 30 days of free premium must enter the card. what if i do not have a bank account_ i will not be able to use. how to remove shuffle is sure to return the application. ads that much does not get angry but the inability to listen to the selected song. this is not acceptable in this type of applications that are used just for listening to music.
too much advertising and not enough features in the free version. i know that all i want to earn but to use the 30 days of free premium must enter the card. what if i do not have a bank account_ i will not be able to use. how to remove shuffle is sure to return the application. ads that much does not get angry but the inability to listen to the selected song. this is not acceptable in this type of applications that are used just for listening to music.
the ads aren't even bad, they're not often either. great music quality and everything is available
only bit of a shame that advertising between.
my fav music app but sometimes when i go to a playlist to shuffle play,  it pops up some annoying ad to try spotify premium in which you may accidentally tap it but it happened to me so spotify should add a _are you sure you want to activate your 7 day premium trial_ or something like that.  update 3_11_ really_ my music stops playing randomly now and i have my headphones plugged in and it's not them. i will rate 5 again if spotify fixes it
the advertising is annoying, but that's the intention. otherwise no one ordered the pro version. a few songs are about spotify not hear _ receive.
shuffle mode is still repetitive _uses no play memory_ and radio mode is dreadful. the ads are laughable. music cuts out even if you're using another app with no sound _eg kindle_ despite what the updates say. poor album selection and lousy contact service.
it gives me the option to listen to a video to get 30 minutes without ads but then the app locks up and stops working.
what is for our ne app _ the only thing that works advertising watching_
i'm having trouble with my phone crashing and the ads won't play.
i loved it_ it worked so well, i hate ads thou
gives more variety than pandora. still not fond of the 5 minute ads _it seems_ that go on repetitively_ but i wouldn't pay _10 a month for ad_free. nonetheless, i love my spotify_
i love spotify and have been premium for a long time.  the playlist option is awesome and i don't have a problem listening in my car, on my phone or tablet.  i can access my playlists and can shuffle or pick songs.  the quality sounds great and i prefer to be ad free.  i did have a problem with my account but spotify responded _once i figured out how to get them to respond_ and they went up and overboard to help me.  5 stars for them.
in with all these ads, i am still enjoying my music, thanks guys_
spotify is great to download music from, only minor drawback is the advertising that comes in between the numbers you have chosen. to get rid should you upgrade to gold, which i think is too bad ... why is it only 4 stars from me ....
aside from that one song you need to listen to 4ech advertising in the case of playback playlists _eg. _starred_ do not play the songs in the playlist and that in. other songs from the album from which the track marked with an asterisk. i do not know even what the developers wanted to get this treatment, the application for the embarrassing level. edit_ what tepa bastard invented the proposed works, this application does everything so long as the user did not listen to what you want to hear, zamoast this will be listened mclemore'a
i discovered spotify years ago but never really used it because it needed time to grow. but as it stands i'm happy with it for mobile. it may be lacking some of the variety i like but it's okay because i don't need to have the ridiculous amount of music on my phone that i also have on my computer.  also with the desktop use i hate the homepage as you could call it. i'm paying for the service i don't want to see advertising for music i obviously do not like..
actually super but to me it's already happened twice any advertising or so came and my phone then remains a circular saw has made similar sound. in contrast, only battery has to wait to make out and make them clean again helped_ _ _
it would be 5 stars if the adverts didn't come on louder than the music
i was a big pandora fan, but felt like the ads were getting excessive.  then i tried spotify and realized just what i've been missing_
please fix this issue with the 30 minute supposedly ad free music.  every time that comes up it freezes and no music plays. this is the fourth time in 7 days i had to uninstall and re_ install this app. please fix
even i, as someone who does not listen to mainstream music come here cost on my. the music on offer is huge, the streaming works very well, i had until now never lags. for advertising but i can not say anything because i have a premium account. to all students_ about unidays you get this for half price, and unlimited music streaming for _ 5 per month is simply unstoppable.
am using the free version if spotify. gives just enough functionality to not be annoying_  the only thing is suggested tracks_ i accept that ads are a necessary evil until i decide to go premium but if i'm listening to a playlist completely full of 80s synth then why would i want to listen to punk_
i love sptotify_ i have had it for 3 years. the only bad thing is when i listen to it on my laptop it has at most 5, 30 second ads... and on my phone my skips are limited... but that is all...
it is the best except the ads but  besides that yasssss
don't get me wrong, this is a fantastic music application. however, there is one reason why i even bothered to rate and review the application at all. spotify offers a nifty feature to get you to listen to an advettisement. between songs, it will say _listen to an ad from our sponsors, and get 30 minutes of ad free music._ although i already feel that spotify is pretty good about not playing a lot of ads, i don't mind listening to one to have 30 minutes of just music. that never happens. ads play anyways_
it was good but ads kept pausing
good app so far,  very few ads
although i have the free mode would like to has the ability to play without idernet _ as for advertising its ok
ok just got tired of advertising and that you can not skip a song
its an awesome app_ the only problem is if u hate having ads between ur songs then its a problem but i have no negative comments against this
too much advertising. and poorly on the phone to listening to what you want because it flies a random playlist. regards
love it with the paid subscription only 9.99 a month no ads can skip back or forward replay same songs and all kinds of music great app
i have not purchased the premium version but if you can handle the occasional ads, it's great
use it everyday. i wouldn't mind if there were fewer ads but it's still a fantastic app
and even in the free version ads are not annoying.
spotify is how many have written before me this, a class of its own. virtually every title is available and if you use the free version are the few advertising interruptions perfectly ok.
advertising between stresses a bit but otherwise it is great_
is almost advertise is.en really i like. selling _ _
little issue with the shuffle play_ sometimes when i skip song it repeats the current song then restarts the entire shuffle. i'm paying for premium so it's not an issue with ads or anything. and most of my songs are downloaded.
so i have the free version, and am quite happy with it. and that bit of advertising what comes in between annoying me personally at all. to sleep is good if you'd like to hear what else _
very useful app and almost no ads love it
i love this thing already,it works fine and i could play any songs i want,and they have 7 days trial to play any music without ad's.i'm enjoying it.thank you spotify.
loved every bit of it. except for the ads maybe. but then there is a limit to free stuff_
is it me or are ads getting longer_ what's with the 6 skips and then upgrade. brilliant app, seems to be a problem downloading play lists.
my parents passed by my room while i was studying and one of your adverts was playing. now they think i was watching tv. thanks spotify _
better if you have premium without advertising so ..
these _next 30 minutes will be ad free_ are both lying, and they won't even play, i can't listen to music at all. and when my music does play, the ads are about 5 in a row, and sometimes they freeze the app. is this what you want, spotify_
no opt out of constant advertizing. they don't pay the artist proper for using their music. spotify is everything that is wrong with internet radio. uninstalling.
doesn't allow you to skip more than 5 songs before making you pay if you want to do it more. must be on shuffle play and have ads. you could get more songs from youtube without ads and the ability to skip for free, unless you're going to buy this app don't waste your time with it.
if you have not just premium, spotify is really the biggest verarsche. i can hear none of the songs that i chose, but has to endure me any suggestions of spotify, seldom even meet my taste in music. au_erden shall respond to any two songs of advertising and a half minutes. so if you are not in front of spotify has to get with the paid premium, i can only advise you _
great media player on the phone and on the pc, no incidents. for little money mtl without advertising to enjoy in full abundance. playlists can be divided and friends can be found, so far very good job_
i can't pick a song i have to pay 13 bucks a month and when i shuffle it i get a limited amount of skip and also they suggested songs or ads stupid app
i love this app but the only thing i hate are the ads
music at your fingertips, and its fast and free_ i like that you can make your own playlists unlike other apps. 1 thing i dont like though, you cant skip a lot of songs, and you have to listen to stupid ads if you dont have premium. overall, i love it_
honestly, spotify is an overall great app to have. its clean, simple, yet attractive interface creates an effective environment for listening to and discovering great new artists. with minimal commercials and the opportunity to watch _or listen to_ an _extra_ ad for 30 minutes of ad free music, i would consider this app essential for anyone who doesn't have the space to hold many songs on their device's local or sd card storage.
_30 mins of ad free music_ nope more like 7 mins and we'll try to convince you to buy premium
previous versions of the app were better . now it hangs on ads and seems to want to do its own remixes by playing two tracks together.  for a while now i can't listen to a single track i must shuffle play it's probably the worst it's ever been
great application, the enormity of music, but the free version of the shuffle is the soul of that nasty ads will not mention.
good application, sweet design, works well and great with payment but as soon as you get downgraded, you are faced with so much restrictions it's ridiculous. the app store version has half of these restrictions and they honestly drive me away. ads, i don't mind but getting unrelated music in my playlist is just dumb.
there's alot of ads in between songs,  more so then song za,  but i like being able to listen to one specific artisit
for free_ i'll deal with the ads.
why can not indefinitely in the free version _before_ or _back_ _ coil _ if yes now advertising displayed ... okay ... i can live with. but this additional restriction is for me without rhyme or reason. man should probably buy _premium_ ......
a pity that advertising sometimes recommends music which does not fit with what thou listen, but we can live with
love the app. like anything, wish it was free without ads but i  guess everything comes with a price.
why do our music have ads. only the radio _ top list should.
because advertising 4sterne otherwise supperrrr
great app that does as it says even though the adverts can get annoying to some, it's a small price to pay to support the music industry that won't hurt the wallet. spotify regularly update fixing bugs and adding a few nice features, however if you've gotten to like what you see you should get premium...so much more to offer _
remove the ads. i don't want to keep listening to ads just so i can play some music. soundcloud doesn't need ads. neither does spotify.
access to nearly every song _at least all that i've looked for_ and fewer ads than any other app i've ever used. i'm cheap so i haven't even thought about the premium service but i can imagine it's great if the price is right
wow, in the app i get cancer, after each song advertising, and at every opportunity you a premiumacc intrusive offered.
despite little advertising, a super app_ never again without_
music when and where i want all my songs and albums wherever you go. i think it's great and it can only pass on. for 9.99 per month even without advertising. class _
so i perceive to 1 week ago still new in this app _this app was because friends of schwermen and how this is so, i wanted to now test times _ but now i'm excited, i find a very large and even gigantic selection , _ just what me is lacking and where i unfortunately less where a star is that i by example french music search kann.was advertising goes you can not grumble at all, i mean it's all free and you can take some advertising but purchase
the free version of kitkat does not work properly. no track can choose not flush. only shuffling mode. another version android and apple works as it should and advertising or online
suction with advertising
dum advertising otherwise good
guwno guwno and again guwno too much advertising too little music
advertising is a bit annoying anyway horny app
only music without advertising
excellent. advertising slightly
advertising does not matter but not the lider hear you moeche even in a playlist with a song to drankommt join other sh _ songs that will not
i always get the offer to me to get spotify premium when i open the spotify app. but this is pretty annoying because i have spotify premium which i have just brought inter alia for the reason to no longer be vollgetextet with advertising. i would be pleased if you could fix that. _samsung galaxy note 4_
had fewer ads would be perfect _
everything was good but i bothers me very much that can not choose music_ instead, go up 5 times _ you can instead select a song 5 times_ plus when they say in advertising that there will be no advertising this half hour. there are still advertising_
it is so bad that if one should jump to a different song when you say that you have to buy spotify prenium and plus you get all the time advertising aaahhh.
shuffle _ advertising_delusion_
some deterioration. once upon a time you could freely switch to any song with his scroll at any second. you can not be one_kezby not give at least two ads in a row but only one. on mobile phones already use only with the premium account, or with pre_selected playlists that you have created, or you want to listen _ but even so, i must say that it is a good application _
pointless application in the free version for nothing gives you the kind of computer you can listen to what you want and not here. someone came up with this advertising applications ...
as the entire spotify _ the premium is extra, download songs for offline listening, organizing music, the ability to control music on other devices. without premium get ready for a limited number of omissions on the day, the ability to listen only random songs and advertising.
i recommend it to the attention of the users of the gtc. carefully read through_ very good advertising and beautiful design program_
free advertising. without advertising premium. what i miss is being able to choose which memory card offline list should put on. has no place in my internal memory on my phone and toad.
advertising during the title is totally okay_ but you now have to look advertising in advance and can not even put into the background the stuff is genuine overkill_
use spotify for 3 years now and paying also like the 10 euros a month for premium. what here stir people advertising on the nichmal premium use, it is clear that there is not the choice of countless tracks for free. and 10 euros a month i could not better investing. extremely good sound quality and pretty much almost all artists. even many who are not even known approximately. hear much music on the move whether in car or train without spotify is nothing more.
spize without premium actually crap, but hatt the app but then more qualities that must sprechen.man for them just under _ 10 to spend on a card, then resist 2 to listen to music months free of advertising, so i made 4
can not complain really. even when free users can be this app certainly do if you take a little time and the shuffle mode right playlists is applies perfectly acceptable. the only thing i have to complain about is the volume of advertising. i scare regularly when i suddenly another musician bawls ear although previously a faint song came. who me particularly sorry are the employees of the spotify must read the other comments. xd
you sould make a sleep timer,  reduce the ads , make again a deal with cosmote_greece_ where non premium users will have free data streaming when they uses spotify _
great, here i found both new and old music in several genres. wish i had tried before. thrive with pay version and releasing advertisements.
it's simply fun_ always the music you want without looking. quality is ok and the little bit of advertising in between can get over.
millions of songs in high_quality, high_speed access from your phone and computer to one library_notch_ player control of the smartphone and playlists offline also very useful. and all this without any advertising or pauses_ i recommend to everybody who likes quality and comfort_ the premium version as the most worth buying _
spotify is actually quite cool but when the internet is bad, it is mega slow. the advertising annoys a bit.
tiring with all the damn advertising _ can not listen to any song, but damn premium ...
advertising me just pissed
i loved the app, 9.99 _ 1 month premium is nothing when you consider that one for has 20 million songs, and the legal and no advertising.
ads are too frequently, in addition annoyed.
as for me, it has everything you need and allows you to explore an entirely new music. additionally, for very little money _ no ads, with the option ofline. just super
... application for listening to music. the ability to create playlists, download and listen to their off_line is a great thing. access to most of the artists whose listening and no intrusive ads. same pros_
this is a bit much advertising
although there are advertisements in the free version then it is a super music experience. here is everything your heart desires of music _ is very satisfied with both the app and the desktop version.
if you don't plane to get premium  don't install it. it's full of ads,  i have to wate few minutes just to hear song that i don't want cuz on free edition only shuffle playing is available.
no slovak language _ otherwise, it is cool to use the free version but with fewer restrictions such as advertising and does not play songs consecutively in sequence. for everything else you need to pay. and the music is playing very quietly against any player.
he has all kinds of music but has ads and unlike the version of the _ y you can hear only the lists in random order and you can not listen to individual songs
amazing _3 if only there were those ads, otherwise god_ _
like spotify. some sin with advertising on free but must surely blame themselves.
i really like despite the advertisements_ 33
the putuo ads
the principi b, but despres et diu_ the next few minutes without advertising ... i allli saturates i ja does not work
you need to make a lot of music is up, a simple search of good quality music, so fast .. good out easily _they were not advertising_
the best. only ads not had ...
the interface is very intuitive, and an unlimited account is not worth the android application, because only played in random mode and advertising.
when you say 30 days free trial is reasonable to be identical to the premium not to break our nerves in ads
this has two drawbacks appku without premiuim it's shit that after each song that kind of advertising and the lack of a miserable vypipane pesnicky
good app. on the premium really no advertising, operates the synchronization of tracks and albums to listen to the off_line mode, without premium synchronization does not work, and ads between tracks is not uncommon passes. it may be difficult to purchase premium in russia, but the problem is solved by ordering plastic cards net _, or the creation of the second account in gbr with paypal, the main time to deposit funds to the premium not fell off, otherwise then all synchronized to music will lose.
good app. on the premium really no advertising, operates the synchronization of tracks and albums to listen to the off_line mode, without premium synchronization does not work, and ads between tracks is not uncommon passes. it may be difficult to purchase premium in russia, but the problem is solved by ordering plastic cards net _, or the creation of the second account in gbr with paypal, the main time to deposit funds to the premium not fell off, otherwise then all synchronized to music will lose.
advertising secret
advertisement besi. and not listen to certain songs. ytube daaaudz better
perfect application for music lovers. ads can not have it would be great_
it's a great place to find music. i heard a song on the radio is mega good so i came home looking self on youtube but could not find it, but then one day i saw advertising for spotify, and so low i have a eating and i found many good songs i could not find on youtube. and its that i have used spotify _
good, but a bit much for a 3_4 advertising, ad after a few music_
good, but a bit much for a 3_4 advertising, ad after a few music_
why_ cost me with music, and bang an ad. otherwise good app, decent sound, and many songs.
except for those ads ...
free songs too praised_ while the mobile version can only play a random album's songs but you can not specify a particular piece of it free to accept jesus nor annoying ads
masses ads between songs
very surprised has all the songs i like for free.sure there are advertisements but they are kept to a minimum.seriously considering upgrading to the premium app as there are more options on it.keep up the good work.
it's great_ but... there's times were it gives me the 30 minute ad free thing and 2 songs later i get an add but eh i don't care_
good music good sound a litlle ads but it is ok
i've only been using it a day or 2, yep advertising in the middle of a songs a bit annoying but sure that's a good way to get you to subscribe... giving it a week see how i get on with it and possibly subscribe then...
lets you add almost any song, there are some ads but they are not overwhelming and the quality, sound, and features of the songs are great. definitely recommend
i like it_ it's just that sometimes if you try to play an album, it'll play other songs not on the album. and it has way too many advertisments too often smh
i give u guys one star its not all free believe me u guys lied for one reason u gotta buy it so u can download the songs and listen to them offline and u gotta buy it so theres not ads that dont mean its free imma report yall cause ur making a app and i can listen to spodify on a computer and thats all free but why not a app that stupid booo its no good make it better so theres not ads if u said its free so mak it so u can listen to music offline and no ads for free cause u said its free so make it free
seriously, if you like music, get premium. it auto_syncs to all of your devices and has unlimited song downloads with no ads. all for _10 per month. definitely would recommend.
amazing selection of music by well known an small indie groups.  app works flawlessly, with minimal advertising.  a_
as advertised
advertises spotify is now free on tablet and mobile but it isn't. even when u uninstall and reinstall the app.  so wrong. disappointed in the app can't chose a song from your list ur stuck in shuffle play. this appointment is no longer on my phone...
spotify requires payment if you are going to have the best that better sound quality, zero advertising and offline mode. i pay gladly 99kr months of infinity with music experience.
many songs to select from...no adverts
the exchange ingyeness_g_rt easily bearable for advertising. i suggest everyone who likes to listen to music a lot.
it has all my favorite songs and its easy to download..with no headaches from ads. best music app i have downloaded yet
i like everything about it. i don't like that its impossable nearly to skip songs once you've run out of skips but that's just me. ads are often actually interesting imo
great way to listen to my favourite music, just a shame about the ads
love spotify you can find all your music  and albums ...just one little thing that i don't like.. too much advertisement.
there is such a collection of music from the new mainstream to the darkest heavy metal, looks so sexy and you can find new songs and genre's to boost your music vocab so easily_ but free is good on a tablet but if you're using a phone you really do need to go premium. ps. them ads will drive you up the wall eventually.... be warned.
at some point i hope advertisement execs finally figure out that bombarding intelligent, college educated individuals with ads only brings about forced animosity and a decided boycott. if i don't need a circular saw, guess what_ i'm not buying one. there is a home depot 1_16 of a mile from where i live.  guess what_ i still haven't been there in 4 months. surprise_
at some point i hope advertisement execs finally figure out that bombarding intelligent, college educated individuals with ads only brings about forced animosity and a decided boycott. if i don't need a circular saw, guess what_ i'm not buying one. there is a home depot 1_16 of a mile from where i live.  guess what_ i still haven't been there in 4 months. surprise_
love how i can pick songs i want, but with for less advertising. premium is awesone though, appreciated the 7 day trial.
but its a bit annoying not being able to pick the song we want just because we don't have premium. plus it's not cool to interrupt the music with ads
nice, but we need free offline mode. and no more advertising in next update. plees.
works perfectly. if you have a decent connection, spotify provides same experience as if you bought the album. some artists only have the remastered versions of certain albums, for example mj's bad. you need to pay _10 per month for cd_quality streaming but that's a very small, reasonable amount. if you dont pay, it's still perfectly listenable and supported by ads between every few songs. _you can also pay only _5 per month but i forget what that gets you._
perfect 100_ you should download this is better than a 5star rating omg the best like it blows my mine its like pandora but extremely better so many songs over billions you should downloaded ad what are you waiting for_
one of the best applications i ever downloaded. i found everything i wanted in spotify. only ads of the free version are annoying_
a lot of music few ads hope they don't increase the amount
dope ads app_ love it_ use it daily.
i love spotify, especially on my computer_ the interface has gotten much better_ however, it is bothersome that on the mobile devices you can only shuffle play, you have suggested songs you have to play, have several ads in between every few songs, and only 6 skips unless you have spotify premium, which costs money. it would be much nicer if you have standard users some slack and removed one of those drawbacks.
the options button to the right of the song title should extend all the way to the right of the title window and to the top and bottom too. in the last twenty minutes i've inadvertently skipped a song in my queue because my thumb didn't tap the tiniest button on earth. i couldn't imagine trying to do this on a phone smaller than mine. and mine is huge_ get it together spotify_
i said i would stop using spotify after the debacle that was the _0.99 for three months free_ campaign. but spotify is still the best music app there is. i'm completely okay with ads that play in between songs when i'm using my phone or whatever, but i'm not okay with ads that i must view and stop what i'm doing on my phone even if it does give a _30 minute ad free play._ i'd rather have the non intrusive commercials. also, _30 minutes of ad free play_ is incorrect. i got about 20 minutes before an ad.
awesome, just remove the ad though. 5_
its really good, but should get rid of the ads
how money hungry can you get_ now your ads are longer, can't skip some and your ad for premium makes you watch it. not only that but the app messes up after its over and you have to restart the program to get it to play. maybe if you didn't charge a stupid expensive price per month people might buy it and you wouldn't have to show how desperate you are
third time reinstalling because the spp wont open. _your music will start after the ad_ only the ad does not play. ready to start looking for another music app this thing's just too unstable. the sharing feature no longer includes track info. app is going downhill fast.
the variety is great, being able to listen to the music i just discovered offline is great, no ads no nothing, awesome. as long as you pay your monthly subscription.  i decided to try it in one month of trial and i was not allowed to even skip tracks, voiced ads every second song for least 2_3 minutes even if i pause them, they continue where they stopped. it was such a nightmare i uninstalled it after 10 minutes. just sayin'.
best thing to happen to music since pandora. online shuffle mode is free with ads, and for just 10 a month you get unlimited songs and no ads_
this is by far the brest music app that i have tried so far. you can use your own music as well as songs you don't have. if you don't get premium, it kinda sucks with all the ads and only shuffle option, but with premium, it kicks everything else's butt_
ads pause music a lot, sometimes my _30 minutes of ad free listening_ are cut off upon hitting the home button.  very annoying if you're trying to leave your phone in pocket.
this app is awsome. but it is not awsome if your playlist is only in shuffle and it doeant play your music. it just wants you to pay for the app onto your phone  so you could listen to muaic. i rather listen in mny computer normally with ads or on the we _ i dont recomend it if your  not wanting to biy this
best music app ever_ u don't have to spend money, the variety is amazing, and u don't get commercials or ads every 5 seconds. big thumbs up
you're listening to deep relaxation music then this horribly aggressive ad pops up in the middle. i get it, the aim is to make us buy the premium version but if only they were not as aggressive. great selection, excellent quality streaming and love the playlists and apps otherwise
premium is the way to go bc you can pick any song anytime and download for offline listening to save data. changed how i handle music and honestly _10.81 after tax is nothing compared to itunes. hardly no bugs or glitches, you won't regret getting it, guarantee it. as for asking for it to be free means the quality will drastically go down, more ads, slower service, and possibly less content. i'm sure even a teenager can afford ten bucks a month seriously.
them ads though.
you need to get rid of the ads and make it on offline without using internet or 3g because it's a joke i listened to it and it used up all my credit when i didn't even ise it that much
unless you pay, you can not give a shit, and be thrown in also listen to really bad advertising ...
best music, all your music, nothing but music _a couple ads of course_ highly recommended for all music lovers_ extremely dangerous if you don't have this app_
i hate how loud the ads are but that's life. even though technically ads can't legally be louder than initial programming in my country... but no one seems to care anyway.
i've got a large library of world music. spotify mobile allows me to download my local files to my phone but a few hours later,  all local files are gone and i have to redownload. it doesn't work as advertised.
almost no ads at all_ plays all the songs i love, i can make my own playlists. follow my favorite artists, and have fun with it_
i like it but when the spotify ad comes up, it freezes the whole app. so everytime it does that, i have un_install it to re_install it again.
its not an app for me as i despise adverts and i like to liesten to my music non_stop so the adverts have seriously put me off this app.
the mobile app needs work. don't advertise 30 minutes of ad free music if you can't deliver. every time i have to force stop the app and restart it. get it together spotify.
the mobile app needs work. don't advertise 30 minutes of ad free music if you can't deliver. every time i have to force stop the app and restart it. get it together spotify.
every time i start a playlist or radio you put an ad stating _next 30min are ad free from sponsor _ but then it's dead air_ for 30 dagum minutes_  not ok.  you can't get my money or friends that way_  fix it_
now although you can only play music in shuffle mode, this is still an awesome app. and if you sign in using a profile that also is used on the computer, you could upload your computer play lists and listen on your phone in shuffle mode. so in the end it's all good. good app. loved it. could use a little less ads but hey, it's the free version.
request can you please remove the ads in spotify free and can we play music offline in spotify free without upgrading to premium so expensive to pay in premium monthly and its 30 day premium trial only and we can't afford premium
tons of options. hardly any ads. albums and radio_
i like the music being free and ads are okay but now they're trying to _recommend_ me music like they know exactly what i'm in to...theyre going too deep into what i listen to and i hate it.                                   dont touch my music
i love this app. the only think i have found is when it plays a commercial for the next 30 mins ad free it can freeze and it wont play anything. i have to close out the program and restart to get it to work again. but i love this app i use it many times a day and love that they recommend songs for you so you can hear new songs_
this is the best app to listen to music if you don't mind listening to ads once in a while
not sure why this has different functions from the pc app. i have no problems listening to ads....so why am i forced to pay to even choose a song_ basically if you aren't willing to pay it's a useless app. use pandora instead or stick with the pc app
advertising had nearly tripled in the past few months. but other than that it's pretty good.
people said it didn't have ads... not the case. anyways full albums in a shuffle order by track. little more useful than pandora but still stream from pandora
misleading add brought me to it and i updated it yet i can't listen offline spotify is liars was a five star but i don't appreciate being lied to so i'll change my rating if they fix their ad
i like it but when i listen to my music adverts saying you can pay 99p for 3 months are quite annoying so that's the only bad thing about it _
the ads would turn one off the app
advertising had nearly tripled in the past few months. but other than that it's pretty good.
great app but the free version sucks and the full version which is awesome is wayy to expensive. i propose to the makers of this app that the free version allows everything the full version does but is full of ads. the full version on the other hand should be either a smaller price per month like 1 or 2_, or a 1 time payment of _10 or something similar to that.                love the app tho guys, great idea
worth paying for premium, journeys are uninterrupted by useless adverts. consider the daily cost rather than the monthly.
awesome app but way to many ads. it used to be 2 every now and then. turned into like 10.
it is ok hate the ad's i don't want to buy a premium though
i hate the commercial_advertisement breaks. they're super annoying and too loud.
music should not be free. support artists with your money or there will be no new music. would you work for free_ how do you expect musicians to sustain their lives_ stop whinging about adverts and take out a subscription. hate people who think everything should be given to them for free.
i'm normally skeptical about any music player because they have you thinking that you actually getting free music when in reality they just baiting you to like them, only to not even a minute later _after ending music_ begin trying to hook you by suddenly speaking bout charges for the services they were just giving _ making you believe were free. but, spotify i find is different. now yes, it's a lil they charge for too but it's things like ad free music, queue your music. playlists are free though_
ive used pandora, soundcloud, and songza this is a great combonation of all these. while there still is ads in the limited version not nealy as many as pandora for example.
this is an excellent way to listen to music i just dont like the ads
i love spotify but i hate the ads if they wernt ads i rate 5
great way to listen to music on the go i wish we could get less ads
i cant tell you how annoying it is to hear music or ads in your playlists if you have a credit card get premium
i did not enjoy this app on my phone, i don't mind an ad here or there, but being a free user sucks.    my playlist don't matter... i can't skip songs and i get stuff shoved into my list that i did not add.... i have the suspicion that this is a way of bullying me into buying a sub i  can't afford.      i hate this.
i love it but i hate the ads
hey ppl, i just want to say pay attention to the ads, some are free trials to choose the song you want, but only get the 7 day one, the 30 day one asks for your credit card number.
i love spotify... i wish the adverts were more relevant to what i'm listening to, though. similar artists instead of whatever wack generic terribleness is out there.
even without premium it's a great music app, but being able to exclude the ads is worth it if you have money to burn.
hate that you have to pay for premium in order to have unlimited skips or ads
5 stars if there were no ads.
love it. no matter what music i am in the mood to listen to there is hours of it with no ads or voice overs.
i only have to pay _10.00 to listen to any song i want ad free_ the best app i have ever used in my life.
third time reinstalling because the spp wont open. the ads are fine but dont force me to listen to tracks from.other albums.
couldn't ask for a better free way to listen to awesome music. ads aren't too often or long.
i love this app but it plays ads about every 3 songs. and it's not just 1 ad it's usually 4 or 5 in a row. please fix
it is awesome except for the advertising
i was using pandora, but their ads were progressively getting more regular, longer, and more annoying. so far, spotify is much better.
the simplicity of spotify keeps me interested enough to use all its features. the fact that i can just listen to music all day ad free
austin and highly recommend it to all my friends and family make playlists listen to them fantastic free music app adverts between songs because as you know that's what you expect with free apps fantastic free music app highly recommended
some great playlists for the gym... currently using the 99p for 3 months premium. dont think i'll be playing the _9.99 price wen it expires tho. i'll have to live with the adverts_
i was a faithful songza user, but now that this is available in canada, pretty sure i'll be using this only. songza was annoying because your favorite list was taken up by a bunch of album art so you could only see 2 at a time. here it is actually a list. what a concept_ looks like more choice here as well. only major downside is the short ads and that you need to pay to be able to connect to other devices.
uh... i want the old version of spotify... it is okay for free users like me, to play any songs with ads and interruptions... but extremely restriction like limits, only suggested songs, and my favorite songs is locked and only premium users have all access... well, the sounds is getting dull... _uninstalling_
shuffle and no skips, annoying limitation. ads are acceptable of course
i know about premium you don't need to remind me every couple of tracks_ i mean i wouldn't mind advertisements but make them different at least_ i am going back to deezer music because its getting annoying now. and its becoming slllooooowwwweerr after every update.
for me this excellent , especially the best is that no advertisements and can download music without limits 
way better than pandora and iheart radio, minimal ads, no irrelevant songs, and no bad connection while on the road. way more songs and artists than any other app_
this app is so great it is better than my music player. plus it has no ads thxs
without the blatant fluctuations in sound, and advertisments that blare at you, it is an ok app.
great  app, few advertising,  no limits on  music  playing.
the best. not interfere with the free version of the ad breaks.
its a really good app but the adverts in between the songs really annoy me but its like totally awesome
spotify is an awesome app except it has to many ads
new to this. prefer over itunes with ease of just picking a genre with diverse selection.  will probably upgrade to no ads.
the service provides a satisfactory trade off between application features and intrusive content . a provision involving a fraction of the advertising content , however , would still prompt users with financial means to upgrade to premium .
too much upgrade now advertisements. would be a 4 out of 5
very good, i like tablet as well. it would be really cool if the phone can be allowed to play the 'b_rmikor' to any song. shuffle mode because this is very annoying. take in more advertising, only authorize.
ad support freeium music service with subscription based ad_free upgrade. google play music continues to offer better value for your money but spotify still seems to be more popular at the moment. their marketing is working. also try deezer.
good app. starting to be an annoying amount of advertising though without a premium account
i said i would stop using spotify after the debacle that was the _0.99 for three months free_ campaign. but spotify is still the best music app there is. but this ad takes the cake. i'm completely okay with ads that play in between songs when i'm using my phone or whatever, but i'm not okay with ads that i must view and stop what i'm doing on my phone even if it does give a _30 minute ad free play._ i'd rather have the non intrusive commercials.
only if they didn't play ads sometimes between changing songs it would be great and you have to pay if you want ad free listening which sucks
i love spotify on my computer, i've used it for years and also paid for spotify premium from time to time. i downloaded the app while i had premium and loved spotify even more. it's advertised that i can listen to my music whenever, wherever, for free. but any song from any of my playlists all say _song not available_ and will not play. i really love spotify and i'm most upset that i can't use it on my phone without having premium _
request can you please remove the ads in spotify free and can we play music offline in spotify free without upgrading to premium so expensive to pay in premium monthly and its 30 day premium trial only and i hate to pay
all new albums are there for free and all the songs i like are there so its a really good app and there's barely an ads
some songs are missing, i hope they ads them soon. i would be good if we could report a missing song so it's easier to know which ones the people want.
small ads interrupt, but so swag with premium. _
free version is limited terribly_ what is it that you can not spin it into a song, 5n_l more music to jump over one day, i can not listen to my playlist own way, just mixed, and there are ads. these are basic things that every music player application. it would not be enough, if they were advertising_ so how can a money hungry company ... very disappointed compared to the desktop version ...
free version is limited terribly_ what is it that you can not spin it into a song, 5n_l more music to jump over one day, i can not listen to my playlist own way, just mixed, and there are ads. these are basic things that every music player application. it would not be enough, if they were advertising_ so how can a money hungry company ... very disappointed compared to the desktop version ...
please omit this. i'd rather listen to ads than unwanted songs_ note_ i have 18 songs in my playlist and still am bombarded by suggested songs
i use spotify on my android devices _galaxy note, lenovo yoga_ and my pcs  spotify provides an easy access to quality music. got to listen to some numbers that i have not heard in a long while, since i began using spotify. following and listening to favourite artists is a cinch.   if i do have a crib  it is that i wish spotify would make their subscriptions a tad cheaper.  not that the ads bother me _ spotify ads are mostly non_pushy which don't really nag you. a annual subscription of _12_24 for 2_4 devices would have be a no_brainer.   for now i am very happy with the free subscription. _
although i do wish the app was better at targeting ads. if i'm listening to cannibal corpse, why would i stop mid_album to hear the pop hits_ other than that i like it a lot
very awesome get to listen to my favorite songs ever just for free the ads are only 30 sec long
i would give it 5 stars if there wasn't any ads and i don't want to pay _10 a month either to upgrade its too much
love it have to listen to occasional ad for free version but thats nothing to worry about
when i finished the one week free trial i thought i was just going to get some ads but turns out on your phone you can only be on shuffle mode.
too many loud ads during listen music for sleep
going premium is totally worth it. i love discovering music i've never heard before, but i like being able to skip as many songs as i like and never hear ads. people have really put together some great playlists too.
music you can share .. and listen too. upgrade without ads too. i like it .
the ads are annoying
at first this is an excellent free app. but you only get a limited amount of skips, can only use in shuffle mode and has ads every 2 songs. and when you are out of skips you can't skip past their suggested songs. incredibly infuriating that i can't even choose what music i listen to on it. uninstalled.
ads _
love the setup_ the advertising is short. i enjoy everything about it_
nope nope i dont like the video that pops up when theres an ad and it disturbs what im doing please fix that
ads become too repetitive.
i can't play my music. when i try, it keeps popping up an ad for upgraded spotify for ad free music and it plays whatever music it wants. ugh_ uninstalling until fixed or made better_like no subscription_
i don't like that u have to pay for premium it should be free you can ad easily just downloaded the music on your phone
free version ads are mighty repetitive. limited exposure would be a great improvement.
the ads _ the stupid suggested songs are so annoying_
like my problems with spotify is the ads and like without premium on my phone i can't skip many times, yet on my kindle, i can skip as many times as i want. i love it tho_ i can find like all my favorite christian artists and even more i didn't even know about_
downloaded this to my surface pro as the youtube app had bad reviews_ this is so much better_ i have the free version so you get an ad every so often but its fine_ like it so much got it for my android phone too_
i am enjoying the free version right now and i am not too interrupted by the ads. i can see myself signing up for the offline playlist though.  update_ works great with moto 360.  provides play_pause_skip_volume controls right on my wrist.  art work, artist and song title without looking at the phone.  can i give it 6 stars_
this app does everything i want it to. the range of music is fantastic, and though the ads can get a little annoying, i know i could get rid of them. if you want to listen to your choices of music use spotify
even though i am using a free version and with ads but i still loved this app very very much
free music with the odd advert here and there. i can deal with that.
i don't mind advertising. but i don't like when you can't skip songs
did anyone notice the 3 ads before it use to be 1 ad now its 2_3 ads. also add songs for acdc the is no songs for them_
after installing the update there are now spotify premium ads every couple songs and they are very annoying. i would pay for premium if i could. i don't need to hear about it every 15 minutes.
great only probably sometimes you can't get the clean version of songs and the ads are annoying
amazing all tho u have to pay to listen offline and to have no ads but that's on most stuff now tho
smooth running. simple to understand and isnt flooded with ads. shuffle play an artist and it plays just that artist. much better than pandora.
i love spotify however every once in a while an ad that i'm actually interested in plays but i can never get to it. i listen to spotify on my phone or tablet and i have to get through a lock screen and pull up the spotify app to click on the ad and i'm always too late. so i was hoping the spotify employees could come up with a place where all the ads are stored and interested people could go if they missed clicking on them. thank you
i really like the fact that the ads are minimal and i can enjoy the artists i love listening to.
i like the pay no ad feature
don't know what i did before spotify, i love this app_ i'm a paid user now but even when i wasn't, the ads weren't intrusive, and i'm grateful that it makes music and new artists so accessible_ i've expanded my horizons so much and have found some of my favorite artists through this _
thank you so much for this. just an amazing app for music lovers and discoverers. thank you thank you thank you spotify_ please oh god almighty please keep ads down and keep this app awesome forever.
i like the app because you have more skips and  less advertisement.
suggested song is rammed down your throat.  the ads are fine but dont force me to listen to tracks from.other albums.
30minutes of add free music, the ads are pretty short. you must, however, shuffle album songs always and cannot skip the songs
what a an idiotic idea not to allow people to use spotify like you would on your computer. i want to play the songs i want to not pay you anything as you make more than enough from advertising.
top app_ free tunes from anyone u like. not many ads, ppl who moan about petty stuff should go and buy the cd's.
advertising is not any stable
just converted to spotify. love how you can listen to entire albums. ads can be a tad annoying, particularly the discrepancy in volume from the music _much louder_. all in all a great app. i am using the free version atm. may subscribe. still considering.
alot better than pandora, and only a few ads but its free
four stars because radio shuffle is terrible, sometimes will play song twice in a row. thanks unlimited skips though and no commercials. fix the radio shuffle problem get five stars. best paid music app. pandora subscription just gets rid of ads you don't get unlimited skips, here u do. choose a truly unlimited data plan through your cell carrier since it uses a lot of data. or use wi_fi.
awesome app. you should definitely download it. there's just more ads than there were a year or so ago.
i love how u can play music at any given time, but i hate the fact that it does ads
the ads are too long and when they are 15 seconds they play another one. you should change that in a positive way.
except for the ads, but that cannot really be helped and they do a great job keeping them to a minimum.
radio and group specific. plus less advertisements
some times the ads annoy me but unlimited music free...every music lovers dream
i think this app is brilliant, you have to live with the fact that if you are free version there is going to have to be adverts. but once your past that there is no need to have a sd card with music on your device. i have updates all the time about friends and new playlist is always in the works.
i'm enjoying the free streaming and the ads aren't too disruptive. not so sure i want to pay _10 a month for the service though_
who notices 5.99 _student premium fee_ going out of their account anyway_ for unlimited skips on radio, no ads, and saving and sharing any songs you want it's beyond worth it.
i love how there's no ads and its free
love the seamless streaming of music, playing from home to car to work faster than even getting a cd going. with so many intuitive programs to match your liked music to new music i wish spotify could create better radio_similar playlists based on liked or played music rather than have to always make your own playlist or run the risk of some really random spotify radio stations. having premium and being able to download is well worth it_ and no adverts.
i like how easy it is to discover new artists and to see what my friends are listening to. iheartradio has fewer ads though. overall i like it though
occasionally glitchy with way too many ads, but overall quite pleasant.
like its a great app, if you use it on a tablet or computer,  but as far as using it on phones, you cant choos what song  to listen to, it has to be shuffled, and the ads are too frequent.
it's ok but when someone advertises as free music downloads then it should be honored by the advertiser
bad ads
can't listen to specific tracks unless you upgrade to premium i prefer the ad supported pc version this one is unusable.
the advertising inbetween some song on the free version are annoying_ it would be perfect otherwise _ good job
brilliant app_ only downside is that they play ad's.
really good but every 30 min there are like 2_3 ad there short though
its a great app but sometimes it freezes on a ad , but other than that, way better than pandora.
music clarity is great, database is great , just a shame about the ads.
this app is brilliant, ecpecially now they've made it completely free with ads. however sometimes streaming does 'digitise into digital noise' if that makes sense to everyone. i use fibre optic broadband, so it's not a streaming issue. it seems to be the cache in the ram causing problems.
no problems, get it.  if you don't have premium prepare for ad's and not being able to choose the song you want to play.
can't look at ur play queue or ad songs to it from a mobile device when linked to ur laptop.
no ads easy to look tho
ads are annoying and i can't pay but it's a great source of music
i love this app.  i am able to find songs that i haven't heard in years.  it doesn't bother me that there at ads.  i just wish i could play what i wanted on the mobile app.
not many ads at all for free spotify_
i understand the ads for non premium members, sure that's fine but a time limit_ really_ i used to use this all the time but i'm now uninstalling it. good job spotify, you lost a customer.
easy to use, free music for workouts, i can put up with a couple of adverts for half a minute.
my kinds of music, my kinds of playlists, hardly enough ads to complain about. love it_
i wish we didn't have ads
ads in between songs let's it down. but over all great
because i want unlimited music with no ads.  i pay 5 _ monthly.  what's the difference between a laptop and a phone.
i really like using the app especially when you are a premium user, no more ads and stuffs
i love how you can listen for free and all but i wish we could could pick our songs and not have to shuffle all the time not everybody has the money to get premium and i just think it would be nice to choose the song we want to listen to i would be totally fine with the ads
great variety of music even though the ads come every 5 songs or so
i like spotify even though i don't have premium, i just feel like they stop to often for ads and sometimes the ads are way to long other than that it's a good app and it works efficiently and quickly.
as good as this is, the adverts and the amount you can't use without premium makes music really frustrating to listen to
it is an application for your phone is a radio station, is a streaming music service in its premium service you can choose the song you want at any time without restrictions. in its free version have some restrictions and ad also presents similar songs that you have chosen before, not always the song you want and you can not always skip songs, finally not have to pay. recommended even in its free version.
spend some money to be able to listen to unlimited music also do not have to listen to advertising, fabulous_ _ _
it's good, the ads are slightly annoying but you have to get premium to get rid of them
update my music to where i can listen without the ads
this app is literally useless unless you pay to upgrade it or you're the kind of fool who likes shuffle mode for your music.  you can't choose what you want to listen to or listen to things in any set order in the free version, unlike the normal pc version of spotify.  for an app that still has ads, this kind of limitation is completely unacceptable and, as previously stated, renders the app unusable to anyone with any desire to listen to any specific song or album in the order it was meant to be heard in.
i experimented with pandora for a few days and really like setting the radio, or playlist_radio in this case, to an alarm. i think having musixmatch is great for lyrics. there was also a skip 30 min of ads when watching a message from a sponser but that froze so i had to restart spotify.
i could do without ads but i love it any way _d
i mostly love spotify.  having so much music at my fingertips is great. i don't mind the ads. i do, though, mind having totally inappropriate songs _both in style and bad language_ inserted to my listening.  sometimes it heads off down a path of suggested song after suggested song_ making it difficult to get back to the original album_ playlist.
i thought i lost it when my country didn't authorized it years back. now that it's here, i can enjoy the latest songs wherever i am without congesting my phone memory. plus point for running in the background. the adverts are given for a free app that plays songs of those who make music for a living. besides, the adverts are way shorter than those on the radios  _
gonna buy the ad free version
this app is awesome_ i don't have plus and i'd say it is still awesome without  it_ only thing plus  does is delete ads.
this app is so awesome, you get to listen to all the new music without buying the actual cd, i love it really great if you pay for it without the ad's
its a very cool app but the ads and the forcing you to pay for premium ruins it if only it would be free
great app for listing to music i like love. there are a couple of hiccups along the way which includes the adverts but overall good.
app performs exactly as advertised. good content library, nearly every track i searched for.
i wish that we could get no ads and unlimited music anywhere even without using wifi networks
if you don't mind shuffle_only play and periodic ads, the free account of spotify is fantastic. i love it.
although hate frequent ads..
premium is worth it _personal opinion_ i can listen to virtually anything i want from the latest and greatest, down to children's music for my kiddos. everything_ i've even found the 90s saturday cartoon x_men theme song hahahaha. no commercials advertisements or anything. it's awesome. works well with blue tooth.
this app is great. i use it for streaming almost all the time. the only thing i don't like about it is the ads however you can pay a certain amount of money a month for no ads, offline streaming and more but that's not enough for me to go below 5 stars_
i wish that volume control was an option, using this app on a tablet. also ads can be louder than the music. but since i am so far a free user, i am happy.
best streaming app that i've found for no adverts
it's a great service but premium is way too expensive as a college student with a tight budget if i have to choose between a recurring bill of _7.99 from netflix for tv_shows_movies and a bill for _9.99 from spotify for music am obviously gonna choose netflix. am aware that they don't offer the same type of service but _9.99 is still pretty steep for the removal of ads and the ability to temporarily _own_ songs.
ads seem to increase whenever they make a big push to upgrade to premium. still better than pandora.
love the fact of no ads
for us people that want it free its little bit of a hassle because of the shuffle play only option, and the ads. other than that it's a good app
a lot of money for premium. ten dollars a month for music is too extreme, but even with out premium i enjoy my music. i can live with the ads and having to shuffle because i won't pay that for music.
i can live with a few ads when i can cherry pick from such a vast catalogue of songs and create dream playlists _thank you_
i remember seeing this advertised on xfinity. this is the best_ i can look up the music i used to have and old friends bands. nice that i don't have to go to specific record shops.
but the ads i understand there must be some but between every song is that really acceptable
i can't stand all of those ads because i can't get the premium.
i love spotify but i hate not being able to skip a song unless i pay. i rather just have the adverts and be able to skip the song when i want to
except those annoying playlist interventions of new artists that have nothing to do with what you are listening to and ads to go premiun. other than that is a pretty good app.
only got free version i can tolerate the ads allows me to download just tracks i love best and sort them into play lists
you need to buy it, because then you be listening up to 3 advertisements in a row and the fact that it can't be moved to sd is really a bummer, needs a better wiget
i liked it when i could actually do things like pick my own song and stuff. i don't mind ads but i wish i could pick my own song even if that means it has to stay on shuffle. but i feel like i can't do anything anymore so i'm switching to something else. also when i dislike a song it don't change to a different song i feel like that's stupid.
but why all the advertising _
no ads, can collect their favorite music, and listen to offline, very good app_
working properly using the free version so it's full understanding that there are limited skips and advertising _which comes every half hour so it is to persevere. one idea might be to maybe optimize as the advertising that comes based on what you hear_
there will be no advertising, but also over many songs off when you can listen _
finely balanced between advertising and music
good but with such charges will enjoy themselves when they come out the same competitive you receive from advertising, not from mr users
one can not come close to the idea of _hearing a piece of music that just looks like a number one could wish to hear_ because when you do not pay can only use shuffle and half of the songs are suggested songs are not even on the play list. while it's every other song one minute commercials for some lap rap band who clearly has no idea how to make an advertising_ _hhh what are you doing_ come and hear our shitty music on digster fresh_ the_ best _playlist_.
can you pleaze just take of the shuttle_ please.........                                                           ohho and the ads to....._ please_
i use the free version, and i was happy with everything. music is great_ and advertising is not often so annoying.
he liked at first, but then started to run ads and limits the choice of songs.
5 if no ads, no skip limit and no shuffle
the limitations of the premium version that you are advertising is not exaggerated even if you can not choose the songs _you can only listen in shuffle lists already created_ and you can only spend song six times a day. still love
the bad ads otherwise very well
everything ok but besi its advertising because it can not listen to music.
it is an amazing application. much better than deezer _ really praise_ sometimes nerves can climb on those ads, but otherwise top_
if you could only ads
without advertising great ..
what a joke. this app harasses people to _update_  and ad your social media to the app.  by repeatedly asking you to update.
i installed this keyboard after my previous one _touchpal_ turned into a complete crap due to many intrusive adverts and pop ups. i must say i am very impressed by swiftkey's level of prediction, speed and efficiency_ very happy with it so far, recommend_ for developers_ a swipe page on the right side with a few buttons _select, copy, paste etc_ for text editing would be an icing on the cake.
so far so good this app is pure gold,  get this now.  it's beautiful and it's spell checker is crazy smart.  i'm in _ love. and it's free_ _o i'll come by back later and post another review if there are any bugs or nasty full page adverts that show up.  however,  if it asks for an upgrade it's likely that i will, as long as it doesn't ask all the time.  so far it hasn't yet. this is way better then the default keyboard in android galaxy. now i can work on my wattpad book with confidence.
downloaded it. it worked. no bugs, no ads, just worked. also prediction is amazing.
no ads. it's simple, sleek, and it works
love the keyboard, im just glad there are not annoying ads popping up
this is the first time i've used this keyboard and love wish it had extra spelling words to help. always use touchpal then that got to be too many ads.
no invasive ads, great features.
works as advertised
i don't see the option to disable ads i looked everywhere...
the auto prediction and auto completion  is very iphone like and annoying, and frequent annoying push ads in the status bar... will uninstall if find something less obtrusive
i love it, but it drains my battery and bugs my phone _combined with messenger_ a lot. but i have an awesome_looking keyboard aand it really does learn my way of typing _after a few days ofc_ and i can switch languages and adjust the size and assuming that i mostly type on a tablet and have small hands this is perfect for me. i also don't have the ads problem and once you've done your settings, that's it. perfect.    anyway, now i find it impossible to type with any other keyboard so... yeah. xd
i bought the full version of this keyboard and loved it till it went free and now i have an ad on my home screen every time i open my phone... please fix or refund
please ad fb and twitter icon emoji and emoji text art
ads , ads _ ads
i love it, but it crashed with every web browser i have installed so far _firefox, chrome, dolphin, ad blocker somethig, etc_. from sony xperia c3.
please stop the constant barrage of push notifications. i've had three walgreens adverts today alone. i've used your product since 2012, and this is the first time i've ever been displeased.
performs as advertised and has proven to be a valuable asset to tablet  communication. i have used it constantly and over time grown to have  learned to appreciate the genuine efficiencies of this product. it just gets better and better. i have no hesitation to recommend it whatsoever.
do the random ads when opening other things like gallery fb or pretty much anything else not bother anyone_ at first i wasnt sure if it was swiftkey but when i uninstalled it the ads went away. i love this keyboard but thats really a deal breaker for me.
please ad emoji text art
an app that does what it advertises... great job guys and thank you_
better than most... i like the fact that the pay to use themes are only. o. 99, and that you don't have to download a ton of extra plug_ins to change your themes.  easiest to navigate that i've found,  and not a ton of extra ads or crap. _
best predictions for your next words. it learns the way you speak_type from a bunch of different sources like gmail, facebook, twitter, and even evernote_ it's highly customizable, with multiple language support, and tons of great looking skins. although some skins do cost money, they're only 99_ each. there are no intrusive ads, nor is there any promotional crap anywhere to be found either. i tried all popular, as well as stock keyboards out there to make sure that i was using the best, and this is def it_
the default keyboard that i had before was just a mess and the layout made it hard for me to type things fast, now this keyboard is a vast improvement from before, now i can finally type faster and make way less mistakes than before. i really like the look and layout for this keyboard. imo this is the best keyboard out there in the play store. no ads, no emoticon bs, just a nice simple keyboard. you can also customize the theme and other stuff as well.
is it ad free_
i paid for the app not for you to advertise more paid add ons with no option to stop them
ads in my notification bar_ no thanks. shows a lack of respect to your customers.
this app will push advertisements and special offers to your phone even if you purchase it.  unacceptable.
spams notification bar, no options to disable. notification bar is for notification, not for spamming advertising. i'd give 0 stars if i could. also a far worse keyboard than either the google keyboard or swype.
i paid for this app and it still spams my notifications with stupid ads.
i bought this app in february 2012, and then it was given away for free, fair play. what i don't like is having ads pushed on me for an app that i've previously paid for.
can't stand it now that you can't disable notifications and they put even more notifications now. they even use it to advertise to buy their themes. kinda disappointing to pay for an app that gets made to a free app and then get advertised to keep buying more stuff.
best multilingual keyboard available, but they keep placing ads for themes and such in the notification bar, without any option to disable them.
best multilingual keyboard available, but they keep placing ads for themes and such in the notification bar, without any option to disable them.
this is an awesome keyboard. tons of features and they actually have work. i can't believe it took me this long to swap over. thank you for an awesome app_ please ad a way to remove the key type bubble. the english dictionary will not stay downloaded_ i have sent numerous emails about this issue to swiftkey. i have received no response back. hello developers_
this is an awesome keyboard. tons of features and they actually have work. i can't believe it took me this long to swap over. thank you for an awesome app_ please ad a way to remove thd key type bubble.
is this ad supported_  i am fine with this is on my xiaomi though definitely not very happy with words prediction. thinking of installing on another android tablet.
i love swiftkey. it's the best keyboard out there. i have used others, but swiftkey is easy to use, there are no ads, and you don't have to download a bunch of other stuff to use it.
it is faster than before, so that's a definite improvement. i do like the new themes more than the other options, but i don't like them that much. first of all,  please remove the branding from the spacebar. it doesn't benefit you to advertise your keyboard to people who already downloaded your keyboard_ it just bugs them. people don't want branded things. second, the rounded corners of every button don't fit any element of material design at all. the keys just don't look quite right anywhere.
keeps crashing and advertising always popping up.
what the hell did u do.. doesn't work anymore.. always crashes.. full of ads.. damn..
simply works as advertised.
occasionally negs you with ads that look like system updates that take you to their keyboard store. no way to turn them off.
it still doesn't get everyday words like _really, like,  and and so_ but it rocks at every thing else and didn't freeze as much. i hate how other apps have so much ad garbage attached to it, not like this app.
will give you 5 star after adding nepali language and neplish language... _ just like hinglish can you ad neplish... it would be great and many nepalese would admire it more...
i like the design of the keyboard and please, less ads
good product. no crashes. no unsolicited ads.
i paid for the full version and now there's ads_ if i paid i shouldn't have to deal with these stupid ads. otherwise it's the best keyboard
not a bad app, would like to lose the ads though, texting is annoying enough.
this seems to be best free alternative to swype app.. swiftkey keyboard is pretty good_ thanks for no ads. takes a little getting used to, to see how it all works. mostly customizable, except the auto_space that gets inserted when swipe_typing, how can i stop that_ and why won't swiping work to type urls in browser.._
tried free swype keyboard, is great, but is only 30_day trial. tried go keyboard but is bloated _ not user friendly, and has ads, ugh_ got rid of that right away. _ but this swiftkey keyboard is so far.. pretty, pretty, pretty good_ using few days so far. swiping works fine. customizable settings. still getting used to word correction_suggestion. but no ads_ and thanks for it being free_
ok other than the annoying jumping ads this keyboard is great except it will not input numbers into websites that require the 3 number security code from a credit card, particularly western union _whose site sucks to begin with_ and also i can't find where to purchase the app.. so i would love to keep this app but if it can't be fixed it's wasting space on my galaxy s6 lollipop _i despise lollipop_
i bought this app and then it is free now. this is questionable.  what is the intention behind it_  if it is to serve the people it is excellent. but if it is for adding ads or for something else for the future_
tried free swype keyboard, is great, but is only 30_day trial. tried go keyboard but is bloated _ not user friendly, and has ads, ugh_ got rid of that right away. _ but this swiftkey keyboard is so far.. pretty, pretty, pretty good_ only been using one day so far. swiping works fine. customizable settings. no ads. and thanks for it being free_
i started using this keyboard when i realized smart keyboard was abandoned by the developer. i like it a lot, however 1 feature that smart keyboard had that i really liked better was the ability to move the cursor with the volume button. this was much better than the arrow keys, because they take up too much room on the screen and are too easy to tap inadvertently.
they finally took care of the idiocy  described below.  it's great again. some dimwitted person had the bright idea to make the tab button _you know the bottom you tap 10 times more than any other _ the button to change the language so you constantly inadvertently change the language in the middle of a text.  time for a different one.  nice update clowns.
this was my favorite keyboard of all times. but lately it's really annoying to see the whole keyboard turns into an ad while i'm in the middle of typing. it gets really annoying especially when i'm using the dark mode in the dark and the bright ad pops out of nowhere.
all the pop_ups about the theme store, and various other notices are very obtrusive and detracts from an otherwise good app. ads are ads, even if they are ads for your products. i paid for an ad free version. don't push me away to another keyboard.
i like this app.. didn't have to download any ad on to get what i wanted.
used this for years but after the update i would get ads popping up over my keyboard telling me how awesome swift key was. so sad to see a great app fall bc of greed.
it's a very nice keyboard,  layout is good,  etc.  only thing i'd ad is that when you do the typing by flowing from  one letter to the next,  the prediction is not as accurate as the google keyboard. i mean it's not bad,  but google is a notch better for that,  for sure.  do if u do most of your typing by flow,  better use google keyboard for now,  i'd say.  for any other needs,  this one is the best in my opinion.
i like this keyboard apart from the emoji and the constant notifications about crap telling me i should lick it to other services for predictions. its a keyboard i know what it does.  let me stop it from advertising itself.  i already have it installed and i dont need it trying to get my attention. is it lonely or something_
please fix again,  slow ad missing g letters etc.  you can just see by the way i'm typing.
i purchased this keyboard and now i have ads showing up after i send longer text messages_ i'm thinking that if i have the paid version of this ap, i shouldn't have ads_ other than that, can we have a few of the new african american emojis_
it's better then the native keyboard on my note 3 and by far better then others i've downloaded. i believe i will stick with it for a while. and so far, no silly ads.
it's fast accurate _ works as advertised. the arrow keys are great for editing. word predictions are pretty amazing. i replaced my samsung keyboard _ glad i did.
google ads on the app and i paid good money for this i don't want ads. about to explore other options.
i've used this keyboard forever and have loved it. with the latest update i now get ads in place of the keyboard and it's very annoying.  is there an ad free version i can buy_
i've tried all the big keyboard apps and this one is my favourite. positives_ _hold key for symbol, _customizable _size, arrow keys, number row, themes, swipe_, _best predictions, _easily remove a learnt word by holding it, _can disable auto_correction, _no ads _that i've seen_. negatives_ _only three predictions _an option for five would be awesome_, _moves cursor to end of tapped word _have to tap a second time or use arrow keys_.
i paid for this and i shouldn't have to see your stupid ads. if you plan on getting this app you might as well get the free version.
it was better before the last update. now the button from the emojis back to letters isn't there and the ad placement is more obtrusive
i have had this keyboard for more than a few years now, across three phones and it does everything as advertised and more. to those who read change logs, the higher than average memory usage is worth it in my opinion but it is obviously a valid concern in older,  lower ram devices.
often is unable to determine the correct word and puts in inadvertent errors which i sometimes don't pick up until after i've sent the message.
degrading a quality experience by placing advertisements_  way to go_
can't remove prediction bar.  i'm an adult and don't need_want your advertisement ridden spell check. probably won't uninstall but i will be looking for a replacement.
not only is the keyboard the uncontested smartest, best looking, and most intuitive keyboard around, it does this all at no cost to the user and no intrusive ads or bloatware. swiftkey knows how it's done and all i could want from them is not to change. developers like those of omni swipe should take example of this as the way to make a free mobile app.
very intelligent autocorrect. great if you're trying to replace the really  ad autocorrect on the lg g4
some dimwitted person had the bright idea to make the tab button _you know the bottom you tap 10 times more than any other _ the button to change the language so you constantly inadvertently change the language in the middle of a text.  time for a different one.  nice update clowns.
why am i suddenly seeing ads pop up when using this keyboard_
why am i suddenly seeing ads pop up when using this keyboard_
why am i suddenly seeing ads pop up when using this keyboard_
this is the best keyboard app ever... no crazy ads like the rest and it has everything you want in a keyboard. great layout and themes.. trust me you'll love it... the best_
getting worse. swiftkey used to be my favorite keyboard since long before it went free. i advertised it a lot to friends, several even got into switfkey as well. but recently it seems the predictions are getting a lot worse, specially when using flow. it will constantly predict _and auto_complete in flow_ words that i've never used, even if a similar set of keys is also relevant to other words that i use a lot more often. i used to be able to type lightning fast, but now i spend over 50_ of my typing time using backspace and correcting incorrectly predicted words. i admit i mostly stick to swiftkey now due to nostalgia and for being too lazy to look for a better option.
the keyboard is becoming bloated and slow. noticeable lags since the last update. and, the new ad bar in place of the prediction bar is likely to make me look elsewhere. i used to recommend this keyboard to all my ios and android friends, but no longer.
it's great for what it advertises itself for. but for some reason it has some lag issues with the samsung s6 edge. disappointing.
works as advertised.
best text editor on the market. i like paying an annual fee for the app instead of constantly being bugged by advertising.  good business choice on their part.
i paid for this, when it was paid. now they've started putting a logo on the space bar. no way to get rid of it. distracting and really annoying to have an ad on my keyboard all the time. i'm glad there are alternatives_
use to love this keyboard but now it opens up the app store to advertise games.  annoying_
mayat daytoy nga keyboard. gamen, ad ado ti features na_
having issues where the prediction words are way off _prior to this update_, or it combines words constantly, or ads an extra consonant in front of a word _ie practicesoccer, ppractice_ so i'm. spending more time editing my texts than i used to, and having to delete nonsense words and jumbled words.
its good total but it have some lag and some bugs and some ads...if solve it its very ok
couldn't find a single flaw with this keyboard, customizable and colourful, with swipe gestures and much, much more. worked exactly as advertised.
unlike touchpal, which spams users with inappropriate advertising, couldn't be happier with how well swiftkey works _ much better than stock google keyboard.
performs as advertised and has proven to be a valuable asset to tablet  communication. i was a bit skeptical in the beginning, but have learned to appreciate the valuable assistance of this application. i am a full supporter of the product. ps. had a tablet meltdown and reinstalled swiftkey. it is still the best software in town
does what it advertises best.
comes with random pop up ads for apps from the playstore, youtube channels... etc you name it they'll make it pop up on your phone 24_7... isolated it to swift key after countless hours trying to figure out what kind of malware was doing it. i paid for this app before it became free and they repay me by infecting my phone with their malware and ads.  and in response their reply_ don't downplay the fact that you spam peoples phones with ads multiple times per day from the home screen... this app is malware
i have had this keyboard for more than a few years now, across three phones and it does everything as advertised and more. to those who read change logs, the higher than average memory usage is worth it in my opinion but it is obviously a valid concern in older,  lower ram devices.
comes with random pop up ads for apps from the playstore, youtube channels... etc you name it they'll make it pop up on your phone 24_7... isolated it to swift key after countless hours trying to figure out what kind of malware was doing it. i paid for this app before it became free and they repay me by infecting my phone with their malware and ads.
still lags.  delay for keboard to pop up.  delay when typing.  minimum settings and customizations.  need to be able to disable popup on keypress. it causes typos and ads to the delay.  this has been a request for many over the years.  not sure why it is being ignored. i actually regret purchasing this back when it was a paid app. the exact same issues for years now. i have been to the forums and have seen many requests go unanswered. the developres seem to not care.
my purchased swiftkey app closes out while typing so i accidentally hit an advertisement under it. very annoying. i'm not sure if it's lollipop. the setting key is impossible to hit. have to go into phone settings to make changes. i'll turn it off till fixed. i really like this app. just annoying.
ad hide button for arrows, change the layout to default keyboard layout, i find it easier when the numbers are at the top not bunched up, the different layouts should have there own key layout, currently the keyboard is favouring thumb. and ad a dark blue style keyboard or allow custom color. thanks.
the ability to swipe words and not have to type each word independently is priceless. the accuracy is astounding and the app learns your typing style, even your typos. can't do without it. no ads, definitely 5 star.
not only is the keyboard the uncontested smartest, best looking, and most intuitive keyboard around, it does this all at no cost to the user and no intrusive ads or bloatware. swiftkey knows how it's done and all i could want from them is not to change. developers like those of omni swipe should take example of this as the way to make a free mobile app.
i paid for your app, that means you should stop telling me to share my stats with people. i recognise you need to advertise your product but please ask people who aren't your customers to do it _ or at least give the option to turn those notifications off_ edit_ thank you for your response, i have updated my rating.
installed a few months ago, not impressed. reverted back to samsung and swipe. since then it consumes 4_ of battery. sens and receives wifi data. i guess collecting data to sell to advertisers. uninstall.
predictions are terrible all of a sudden plus now they advertise_ gtfoh
good job_ the keyboard just became twice ad better_ keep on with the hard work_
i normally don't use text prediction tool, but this keyboard makes it very useful and functional. it memorises whatever you type, any new words,       also how often you use them, and offers them in a prioritised order. the layout is nice and intuitive, special characters are easily accessible. most importantly, it doesn't bother with any ads. also if you use multiple languages, the prediction tool immediately recognises which language you're using, so you don't have to switch to another language every time
great keyboard  with out annoying ads
i have tried many different keyboards and so far this was the best without any ads. also with a decent amount of themes.
paid for this app. twice actually. once for the app years ago. and again for the tablet version before they merged  the two. now it's free. that's great. but customers that paid money for this app a long time ago should not be getting these intrusive ads.
was up with all the ads saying to download this and that it was way better 2 years ago since it went free i get all ads have a pro version and pay for no ads smh
does as advertised
great app but is it really necessary to prompt users to advertise the app for the developers.. wow i saved a thousand key strokes in x time.. no i don't want to spam my friends about it or be constantly prompted to rate the app. five stars when fixed. reduce our information and media overload.
i now have to change some previous settings for magnify ad now when i type to fast,  screen enlarges and messes up what i was doing,  lol
there are many customizations possible, but no dictionary _as with google keyboard_ that allows for custom shortcuts. for example, when i typed cs, my business name would be spelled out. my only other complaint is the lack of a dedicated microphone key. hopefully_ the predictive text feature will be as outstanding as advertised. so far, it looks great_ the various themes are of no interest since the layout is the same on all of them.
use swiftkey for years, then we could not find a free and a paid version available. the latter i had installed after a good test run. meanwhile layouts as well also advertising _ controlled via in_app purchases. this morning i downloaded and installed on my sony z1c lollipop 5.02. even with whatsapp keyboard funktioniet equally excellent as before, realize no disadvantages as stuttering or lag.
i'm not looking forward to the ads but i love it now_
hello sir ad, ad darling, i want to contribute some comments sir, but my application, or if you can upgrade the keyboard korean good sir, because now new korean keyboard very convenient to enter ... i wish ad r_ _t em my opinion, thank you sir ad. well, even more suggestions, i want it to show up kjong then off please_
works as advertised _d
w _ u too tense or ad sir. well we m dug facebook and zalo much, more like _ na 1phim ad, the youth will be like
a problem lately, the voice command is activated inadvertently while i type on the keyboard ...
w _ u sir more tense or ad
so far, an excellent keyboard with almost magical predictions. unfortunately it gets worse from update to update. at the permanent advertising _ _we have a new layout for you, buy it_ you get used to. the predictions are getting worse. if you tap _ide_ one should expect that _idea_ is proposed. but it is only _ide_ _ideal_ and _or_. also correct the upper _ lower case _formerly simply later on _shift_ no longer works. from _well_ namely, _good_ ge
it's really cool did have ganss great keyboards without advertising
no advertisements, with input for voice typing and several useful functions
i love how customizable this app is but i don't let it watch everything i type on others sites or medias. i fear they might use that to make advertising more accurate based on my searches. i also wear an aluminum hat,  just in case it can read my mind.
for guys that as wanting to download this app, it is good even has no advertising, very good
ideas _ _, _, _, _ and _enter_ behave like _,_ or _fill mode_ _._ more suggestions and can scroll through the sides_ more emoji favorites_ remove the _,_ in support of the long as i have the _,_ to the left of the space bar and which would not insert _,_ instead of inadvertently _._ _ learn the names of contacts_ better word prediction when i press not on purpose on the digital line.
i paid _1.99 to have the keyboard. not to receive pop up ads when i try to text someone. this update is ridiculous. advertisements are meant for free apps. take it off or i will be uninstalling _ even though you've already taken my money.
i paid _1.99 to have the keyboard. not to receive pop up ads when i try to text someone. this update is ridiculous. advertisements are meant for free apps. take it off or i will be uninstalling _ even though you've already taken my money.
only advertising _
nice feel and great app with no ads
in advertising the play store give you options that do not exist in the configuration. such as split the keyboard.
brilliant. free advertising
i was completely satisfied. there is another good program globe mobile, downloads, registers, see the ad and get money. when you include your name registration preglasivshego mila1980
works better than advertised. highly recommend it to anyone.
off predicted that ad where i hate to guess the word based. thank someone showed me how wrong the money off the timber group that rescues upside luxuriant lum
my multi lingual keyboard search stops here. an excellent app without any ad interference. a must have for all foreign speakers.
haga neighborhood where he mvyehosh ads affection elly bay distinction from other paintings bs minus you need one you add decoration property and keep roowoowoowoowoowoowouah
this aap is disgusting,too much ads in typing.hahaha instead if this my hardware software is comfortable to me.
what i was looking for, no errors, advertisements and lagan. thank you so much
amazing doesn't have ads always jumping up and making you buy the full version witch is a nice touch for any app
i paid for this and now it's free. click the top of my list of texts and instead of opening that conversation an advert appears and launches. this went from a great app i was happy to spend a little money on to another advert infested annoyance. 0_10
lightweight and no advertisements
it's great app but please ad ethiopian language amharic thanks
honest app what they advertise is what they produce.  i would even purchase  this if it was a paid app.  recommended  it to anyone.
ideas _ _, _, _, _ and _enter_ behave like _,_ or _fill mode_ _._ more suggestions and can scroll through the sides_ more emoji favorites_ remove the _,_ in support of the long as i have the _,_ to the left of the space bar and which would not insert _,_ instead of inadvertently _._ _ learn the names of contacts_ better word prediction when i press not on purpose on the digital line_ customize the long term support.
ideas _ _, _ and _enter_ behave like _,_ or _fill mode_ _._ more suggestions and can scroll through the sides_ more emoji favorites_ remove the _,_ in support of the long as i have the _,_ to the left of the space bar and which would not insert _,_ instead of inadvertently _._ _ learn the names of contacts_ better word prediction when i press not on purpose on the digital line_ customize the long term support.
i paid for this app years ago just to be refunded with some skins and now i get ads... remove the ads or i'm removing this app
here's a program for earning globe mobile excellent work_ enter _butik55_ is the login when registering_ and feel free to begin making the euro. especially do anything and do not need a cell phone on you will come and all advertising, not even you can watch it _ money credited machine_ create your team that would earn more_ the application can be installed on a pc or laptop.
very good, without advertising
and the best part is that no advertising or annoying other keyboards have webaditas q
everything works 100_, free from annoying advertisements_ you could have more customization options, but it has is great_
the _globe mobile_ pay_per_view advertising. set does not need anything, just watch and earn. during registration enter_ alen4ik777. we are waiting for our team_
just scrapes 5 stars because of the ads, i had the paid version and preferred that and the new android keyboard on galaxy s5_lollipop has improved greatly, still the best replacement keyboard though
what should change but okay recommend using keyboard google does not use much memory but limited not have much has the basics but this very well that contains no ads and no locks recommend it 100_ if you want a custom keyboard and also you can write by moving your finger on the keyboard
very good app but have funded every second advertisement expenses ranking
would like this better without the advertisements.  otherwise it's a great app
so sick of ads everywhere. yes, i know clash of clans exists. just stop_
does the job as advertised
the keyboard itself is okay but the ads make it annoying to me
b7 hello _ there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main nothing not need. just watch nenavyazchevuyu advertising that appears when you unlock the screen, becoming the laity and receive money. currency in euros_ during registration enter_ zhangalyev and start earning_
sin ads
ideas _ _, _ and _enter_ behave like _,_ or _fill mode_ _._ more suggestions and can scroll through the sides_ more emoji favorites_ remove the _,_ in support of the long since i already have the _,_ to the left of the space bar and which would not insert _,_ instead of inadvertently _._ _ learn the names of contacts_ better word prediction when i press not on purpose on the digital line_ customize the long_term pressure.
it has ads in rest e ff loud_
ideas _ _, _ and _enter_ behave like _,_ or _fill mode_ _._ more suggestions and can scroll through the sides_ more emoji favorites_ remove the _,_ in support of the long since i already have the _,_ to the left of the space bar and which would not insert _,_ instead of inadvertently _._ _ learn the names of contacts_ better word prediction when i press not on purpose on the digital line.
no false advertising we really can personalize his way really recommend
no advertising and take the best ...
exactly as advertised. so rare anymore_ very happy with it.
working as advertised.
it says keyboard plus emojis, and i dont see any, rather use the samsung keyboard then this....  false advertising.  not pleased at all..... never downloading this app again, switching back to gokeyboard.smh..
lovely 2 use it... smooth ,perfect ad faster 2 txt
well wanted a bit in memory for more space and my good keyboard deleted tja what to do_ easy to play store looking for an app and found class better than the keyboard i had before and this choice of course they advertise their backgrounds where some cost money but where are the because its colorful bucks her get so in my eyes thanks thanks for this app
i'm using t s3, the numbers have increased in different ways of being success is directly above and en characters. currently, the ad is gone. adding e_mail to the typea repeatedly throwing to spite en characters directly. missing 1_ we can not change the key layout on the keyboard, such as shortened spacebar you can add another character, such as .com and _. eksik2_ tr keyboard characters used in the letter box may be slightly larger, no problem on most keyboards.
hi i really enjoyed this app. no problems and everything is fine advertising i put 5.
works as advertised. no complaints here.
it works as well as advertised, it's very intuitive and you can do normal typing if you don't like swiping. the only problem i have with it is its made me incredibly lazy with typing_ oh and the autocorrect is nearly perfect _
ad bother japanese percussion add as the _go keyboard_ offline. if possible, the more percussion than japanese as japanese keyboard on my xperia z3 better. then wait for their support when they return to the japanese added. pause go keyboard for typing japanese. good app more and more users. god
had other keyboard apps that just didn't do what they advertise.  this one does all that's stated. makes the keys work for you with autocorrect that works.  lovin' it_
swiftkey runs ads in the notification bar.
worked as advertised... liked it
but please fix the swipe to delete. it works 4 out of 10. it just ads letters. overall, best keyboard because of the prediction engine. _galaxy s5 sm_g901f_. and how about a premium feature that will allow us to design our own color for the themes. i'd wish for a darker green, a darker gray, and so on.
lagt and makes my phone shut. in addition to often advertising.
very complete with both at a personal and useful settings is desired. okay, i like this simple app, no ads or bug. perfect
sweet bs program the virus and answer many advertisements for one religion holds advise you anasiha
advertising annoying_ constantly the invitation that you should personalize the google account or facebook. does it have to be that way_
if all of the best with no advertising. unfortunately, there are not very many colors to choose from but it comes. and who likes can yes to buy
i am with szupi app _ now i write and i love that you can quickly write him and that no advertising _ _
no japanese as advertised
can you just ad t9_ thank you.
but how can i turn from hints huh ad
i enjoy this cool take off and it's not great advertisement
no japanese ad eh_
ad fix away rather uncomfortable too
tks ad
this new version seems to error, ad mobile ruler up gium pb moi.
works great and even saves some time writing like a advertised
works great and even saves some time writing like a advertised
freezes constantly, volume turns off on its own, and can't get through most of the time. if there's something other to use i would. what i hate the most is there's no way to opt out of ads.
started to mix ads with chats. useless.
keeps freezing and lagging_ plus the ads on inbox it annoyed me a lot_ horrible_ pls fix, remove or lessen the ads_ give us privacy guys_
keeps freezing and lagging_ plus the ads on inbox it annoyed me a lot_ horrible_ pls fix, remove the ads_ give us privacy guys_
i know companies are in business to make money and i know ads are there so they can make money... but the second you open the app, there are ads everywhere. ads on top.. ads on the bottom_ can't even distinguish witch are the ads and which are your current chats.
very easy to use_ no ads, this app rocks_ face time and skype better watch out
i know companies are in business to make money and i know ads are there so they can make money... but the second you open the app, there are ads everywhere. ads in top.. ads on the bottom_ can't even distinguish witch are the ads and which are your current chats.
good. but to many ads and nonstop notifications about nothing important.
good app. does what it advertises and it's free.
they allow sex bots on their web site to advertise in chat rooms and they send out random messages to people trying to lead you to sex sites , and then they suspend your account over stupid pics that are well within the terms of service,  then they leave no way of sending them a message to get the account problem solved,and you want to see people near you. .give that up ..you can only see people from thousands of miles away from you , then to top it all off ..they want you to download another app for chats
works just as advertised as long as a stable and fairly fast internet connection is accessible, would recommend.
i don't think the ads are appropriate_ shame on you, tango_ gay is not the way_
it's every good ad very clear
this application is good with a room for improvements.  firstly,  it freezes during video calls and call drops_off inadvertently. secondly,  team needs to re_think the design or incorporate few changes as many of my friends switched to other applications as they found it difficult to use earlier. the worst part _ the auto enabled feature which ensures that tango is used as default for messaging even though the feature can be disabled. kindly remove it in your next update.
works as advertised and its free what more do you want.
too many ads that ruin the experience.
tango was the best. now it's the only app of its kind that pushes very aggressive advertising that appear as contact, chat and more. it is now about unusable because of all fake notifications created by these ads.
tango was the best. now it's the only app of its kind that pushes very aggressive advertising that appear as contact, chat and more. it is now about unusable because of all fake notifications created by these ads.
i live in canada. and my parents are in iran. this has given me a chance to have a video call with easily. i can see them ad they can see me without any trouble or headache. thanks tango team
i really loved it because it doesn't have a lot of ads and it allows me to play games with my friends
the new look is great, very easy on the eyes although where is my friend list_ i hate the _new chat or call_ link at the top of the chat list screen, it should be button at the top, instead it looks like one of the chats. the ad on bottom is really annoying, too. i've probably had 200 people follow me since the update but my follower count has not changed. but this app was ruined when the discover people _swipe right_swipe left_ feature was added. it doesn't show me people near me like it use to when it was the list. it shows me some people near me _usually over 50 miles away_ and then a bunch of people in the middle east. i am still getting random chats in my chat list from people i have never accepted a request from. i don't understand how they are getting through to me. sometimes it's a normal message, other times it someone that sends me pornographic videos and photos over and over and over, like an automated robot. that really needs to be fixed. i'm tired of it. i upload screenshots of my tango _adventures_ to instagram. they can be seen at www.instagram.com_hello_evelina
enjoyed this free application,  but now sometimes it's becoming irritating...while talking on it frequent new game ads pop up with sound causing distortion of call quality...better give us option to get some paid version of it without these ploooops.....
please announce an option for removing ads via payment or introduce a pro_paid version
program is good but too much advertising
it's ok apart from the advertising, but i wonder how hard it would be to have a passcode installed. when you look at apps such as line, kakaotalk and yak messenger, these all have this function as an extra layer of security, so surely it wouldn't be too hard to have that included...
still getting used to the new features but this is much easier to use than skype and they don't bother me with ads.
ads
video chat locks up ad if i was using dial up. voice and text works great from u.k. to usa video chat locks up ad if i was using dial up. voice and text works great from u.k. to usa
i'm only giving it 2 stars because when i'm texting it will always send a link or a message like 'get tango now for free_' on my text. everyone i text gets confused. advertising on a text when you could be in a huge important conference, or just hanging, that is rude and should be against the law.
use it for video calls, but this app was changed a while ago and now sends me notifications for games that i don't care about. also getting lots of random spam and ad messages. need to find an alternative.
shittiest update ever. unnecessary ads being sent. can't turn them off. will be uninstalling app.
to many inappropriate ads please fix
didn't work well for video chats or contacting friends. did however work well to deliver ads including popups _as notifications_ that i didn't want. uninstalling.
it would be  a very  big advantage  if you have  language translation, is that available, you have a terrific service, i was just wondering how do you finance tango, through advertisements, through the services, bruce
dislike the new version. where just about any one can chat with you. i like my things to be private. only people who i have in contacts to be able to contact me. i love it and it works great_ it has some glitches it would be nice also if yoy can change the ringtone or the sound _ but other wise its the best_. also some network problems pls fix asap advertising is horrible_  i like my privacy_ _does not work well with wifi_ fix
gdvybi hd rgy b r huh eh. if the item you received is not a member. i will be in the next few weeks. i have been made in italy, the only one of our products are available in my opinion is that it will be in the uk and the other side of things. i have to do it for you to do it, and the rest of my own, you are not the intended recipient, you are here to view their profile. this is an ideal location, location. if i have to pay a penny plain and i will have the same time. i have a good idea to advertise the uk.
thank god it's free because the videos are not always clear. then on tangos' defense , it could be the quality of phone that my people has .i don't like all the ads. also, i'm not fond of when they put gross anatomy pics or nasty looking food.
loaded very slowly and ads wouldnt let me talk to anyone
this is much easier to use and they don't bother me with ads.
should stick with wa _ this is more for those who are looking for dates_ totally not kid_friendly, and the ads are trashy _
its all filled with ads and marketing now.. keep getting messages to buy this or that, to go here or there, install one thing or another. then i can't erase the ads or its cumbersome to do so.. uninstalling
but have some ads in interface. not a big problem..
dislike the new version. where just about any one can chat with you. i like my things to be private. only people who i have in contacts to be able to contact me. i love it and it works great_ it has some glitches it would be nice also if yoy can change the ringtone or the sound _ but other wise its the best_. also some network problems pls fix asap advertising is horrible_  i like my privacy_ _
no annoying ads, free, simple intuitive ui with useful features. i love tango. i use it to video chat with friends and family far away.
the new tango sucks .no good too much advertising.
lots of annoying irrelevant ads, you can't scan through people's profiles without stumbling upon them_ there's a feature called rooms and it's downright terrible_ just a bunch of time wasters discussing nonsense. as for the video call and chat options, there's a lot of apps out there that can do the trick perfectly whilst providing an enjoyable experience for users.
why they are selling ads. there are other apps they never sell ads.
my storage is always full from your advertising cache icons..i have to download every day a security app to erase these photos
horribly slow and filled with a ton of ads.
works well for wi_fi texting and calling when there is no cell signal, ads and other disruptions are minimal. good video call quality
three screens worth of their advertising saves on my phone every time i get on
i like connecting with family and friends but i hate the adverts.
the ads re too overwhelming.
it has a lot of awesome features_ also when you exit tango you can still talk while playing some fun games but i have noticed whenever i play the game nebulous, and some others the call ends it is really annoying_ but other then that amazing app and completely free. no ads etheir. get one problem fixed and the game will be completey flawless_ love tango_ very much
awesome....awesome....awesome n i love it. not crazy about the ads n malicious things done by developer.
love the video options just annoyed with new ads
they ruined it with ads.  it was ok in the beginning, call quality subpar but ok.  then they added an ad banner which you could hide.  now it's there permanently.  i'm switching to google talk.  tango is now way too annoying with the ads to deal with the low quality of the video chat.  i'm done.
this pos is somewhat between wechat _ facebook _ ads.   irritating_
so much advertising... also no much profiles in near by..pls don't install.
one thing i don't like is they allow you to contact strangers, then you get reprimanded if the stranger complains. my major issue is, i have over 500 contacts in my phone. i used the option to send invites to all. some numbers where old and had been changed. as a result i got a few negative returned messages. then i got deactivated by tango_  so i advertise for tango  and get punished first then they say they are going to investgate me. i think maybe tango is not ready for the big pants. there's comp.
but have many ads
has become cluttered and is no longer a simple efficient tool i don't like the panel at the bottom that has me constantly sending my location and even photos inadvertently.
no space to download so  deleted everything then i download it didn't work and it started to ask for my location. ads came up and terrible pictures. so i had to delete it then download my old amazing apps again not like the stupid old tango.
it was so awesome i just really loved it because it works doesn't have a lot of ads for me and for me it is really have any ads and i can talk to my friend stay in touch during the summer its awesome i just love it and i don't have to sign in every day for the rest your password or anything since i don't have anything right twitter anything i don't have started to google or email and have to worry about other people having my email like that so yeah i really liked it its so awesome
its very good ad it'd helping each other
dislike the new version. where just about any one can chat with you. i like my things to be private. only people who i have in contacts to be able to contact me. i love it and it works great_ it has some glitches it would be nice also if yoy can change the ringtone or the sound _ but other wise its the best_. also some network problems pls fix asap_ advertising is horrible_  i like my privacy_ _
a lot of sponsored commercial. i love advertise. uninstalled this rubbish
i love this app very easy to use just could do without the ads
will be perfect in that water is able to prevent unscrupulous advertising
earnings in euro _ subscribe to globe mobile. join ovc2005.nichego team deal_ just close the advertising window on your phone or pc. during registration enter ovc2005 name. the best and easiest earnings _
only one application made to reduce interconnect the farcical lover. not written anything in the profiles of friends. who does not appear when you become online. there are profiles that are always in a sexual companionship ads. too bad as long as a nice editing done.
too many ads and sponsored apps and no option to delete account in app
this is good but it has lags and too much ads for me
i used to love tango alot for communicating with my friends. lately after few updated i was not happy with tango anymore. too many advertisemebt keep pop up. even i turn off game notification, it keeps comin also. please consider to put back the old tango with no advertisement. i will give 5 star again.
it's ok , but anoying when you have to receive advertisment repetedly , to install etc. especially when overseas and you have to pay for reciving sms
is quick runs very well and does not stick .. not much annoying ads
i _ this sh_t application bcoz all fake advert on it the advert make you buy something cheaper then after your bank account will _ up by fake company please guys once you have application then do not buy anything from advertising company thanks.
i was interested in an ad on sponsored bar. when i went back, it was disappeared. how can i find the ad again_
well, little advertising, quite like
tango used to be good, when it was just a video_chat app and nothing more. now it's a facebook social platform _wannabe_ and it's truly awful. today, advertisements were added. could this get any worse_ this has gone far enough.. uninstalling now in favour of the plethora or better apps out there.
drill advertapp application registered with the promo code 5c3df, earn bonus money into your account and start earning_
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive ads that appear when you unlock the screen, becoming the like and get more money_ currency in euros_ when become lead _olegon74_ and start earning_
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive ads that appear when you unlock the screen, becoming the like and get more money_ currency in euros_ when become lead _olegon74_ and start earning_
shows all the that contacts that are on my ad. book. even the contacts which do not have tango on thier device. pls fix
it cuts when im talking or we cant hear eachother people well but i guess its good compared to other ones...the good thing is that we dont have get points to talk by watching an ad
tango works well without advertising
nothing to use. fake advertisement.
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive ads that appear when you unlock the screen, becoming the like and get more money_ currency in euros_ during registration enter_ antonov13 and start earning_
started off ok, although sound on calls was poor. then the adverts started, then it took over my incoming sms messages, then a pop_up offering 'orgasmic ring tones' was the final nail in the coffin as soon as this is posted it gets uninstalled. an app i would recommend avoiding.
online status lack the option to disable it for those who prefer more privacy. it would be good to create an option to remove as much advertising applications, pages and people.
mi a860 why do you call the wrong sky hk dc hinh loan instead oi ad
great little app that is reliable and works.  but the game ads  are an annoyance.
online status lack the option to disable it for those who prefer more privacy. it would be good to create an option to remove as much advertising applications, pages and people within the application because many users including me who do not like this application for that reason, otherwise okay is given.
can you please take away the pop up ads and the _you may know_ from the chat page its very annoying. if we want to add a friend we should have the option to choose ourselves.  ty
found a new way of incomes for free without investment. this application _globus_mobile_ .skachivay zarabatyvay.delat and do not need anything, just looking at advertising and get the money. currencies euro_ during registration enter the name of the invited _ str0ng and you'll get a bonus. let's get together_ p.s_ without entering the name _login_ invited _str0ng_ registration nedostupna.zaintrigovalo_ then poprubuy himself _
i love it. try it, i won't advertise but believe me, you'll never want to go back.
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive ads that appear when you unlock the screen, becoming the like and get more money_ currency in euros_ during registration enter_ antonov13 and start earning_
excellent would indicate the status online with the option to disable it for those who do not like. besides having too many ads _advertising_ and need to indicate when the message is received, should add more stickers.
excellent would indicate the status online with the option to disable it for those who do not like. besides having too many ads _advertising_ and need to indicate when the message is received, should add more stickers.
app constantly crashes and doesn't give notifications on cm11 also app keeps sending out spam advertising in the middle of a call.
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive ads that appear when you unlock the screen, becoming the like and get more money_ currency in euros_ when become lead _olegon74_ and start earning_
hate the new update and the ads now showing in the chat area. was a great app until the ads started appearing_ make it like before the update and 5 stars.
logout loan ntn ad
advertising too much
please hold the app ad tot mai the present
its a nice app i love it but please take those advertisements off the chat list.
i'm only giving it 2 stars because when i'm texting it will always send a link or a message like 'get tango now for free_' on my text. everyone i text gets confused. advertising on a text when you could be in a huge important conference, or just hanging, that is rude
u ppl are running advirtisement agency or what_ seriously too many games and advertisements. i hate it. beside vdo n audio is good. kindly develope another seperate app for games n other advertisements. tq
luv this app only thing i don't like is when i text it advertise for tango
what's the point of giving me free 20 minutes _tango out_  if you gonna say i need to invite people first_ i will invite them to download the app so i could use those 20 free minutes right_ that's ridiculous you scammers with false advertising.
i'm running tango version 3.13.128111 on my lg g2, kk 4.4.4 and for some reason, i cannot connect with bluetooth devices, not one but all 3 devices that i have. audio always routes to the speaker phone. i have no bluetooth problem with viber. also, under chat tab, is there anyway to disable the _you may know ..._ bar_ is it an ads that tango intentionally put in_ it's very annoying.  update_ 4 stars for the performance then 3 stars for the interface and again 1 star for no bluetooth support in video calling
no advertising drowsy keeeren rich line
the other thing is that the information you need to be a good idea to advertise the uk. i
why download so much spam ads into my folders_ sometimes the graphics are not appropriate.  gambling and sexy women poses. some people are very religious but do use your _face time_ style features.  you should fix that guys.
tango used to be the best app for video and text chat but it gets slower with every update. the voice and video are out of sink and the video freezes up often. tango also takes a lot more space than is necessary over 172mb, with endless folders full of thumbnails for games _that i have never used_ also features that were in previous versions are buried in folders taking up space but aren't even a part of the current version,  and advertising is stored on the device _don't most apps just have advertising that is connected to the internet and not stored on the device_. but unfortunately it is still the only app i can get to work at all that is like a phone accross android and ios. i just wish they had a simple version again that would text and do voice and video chat and the little in call games, not have all the advertising for games online and music online that is stored on your device, and not have the find people nearby _who are strangers, seems dangerous to me_ on tango nearby. i would pay for that. by the way i have submitted suport requests.
i just called someone.. and right in the middle of a call there was an ear splitting sound.. and when i looked at the phone screen there was an ad. it's possible it's an ad from some other app.. but this is the first time i experienced this.. and it seems suspicious it happened as i opened this app. i have no problem with ads... but during a call is not ok. especially if it destroys my hearing.
i received a message today supposedly from one of my contacts. however, after having spoken to the person in question, i was told the person never sent me any message. wth_ it's very fraudulent of tango to assume someone's identity and intrude on their privacy in order to advertise itself. tango's privacy policy is a joke. if i could give this app zero star, i would. why google do not investigate this app is surprising to me.
tango used to be the best app for video and text chat but it gets slower with every update. the voice and video are out of sink and the video freezes up often. tango also takes a lot more space than is necessary over 172mb, with endless folders full of thumbnails for games _that i have never used_ also features that were in previous versions are buried in folders taking up space but aren't even a part of the current version,  and advertising is stored on the device _don't most apps just have advertising that is connected to the internet and not stored on the device_. but unfortunately it is still the only app i can get to work at all that is like a phone accross android and ios. i just wish they had a simple version again that would text and do voice and video chat and the little in call games, not have all the advertising for games online and music online that is stored on your device, and not have the find people nearby _who are strangers, seems dangerous to me_ on tango nearby. i would pay for that.
why can't free mean free_ false advertising. uninstall_
ad pop ups by the tons can't stand them
this app download approx 500 adverts in seperate folders once it was installed.
i'm running tango version 3.13.128111 on my lg g2, kk 4.4.4 and for some reason, i cannot connect with bluetooth devices, not one but all 3 devices that i have. audio always routes to the speaker phone. i have no bluetooth problem with viber. also, under chat tab, is there anyway to disable the _you may know ..._ bar_ is it an ads that tango intentionally put in_ it's very annoying.  update_ even with 3.14.132222, still no bluetooth support.
i'm running tango version 3.13.128111 on my lg g2, kk 4.4.4 and for some reason, i cannot connect with bluetooth devices, not one but all 3 devices that i have. audio always routes to the speaker phone. i have no bluetooth problem with viber. also, under chat tab, is there anyway to disable the _you may know ..._ bar_ is it an ads that tango intentionally put in_ it's very annoying. update_ even with 3.14.132222, still no bluetooth support.
since a recent update tango started popping up over my calls forcing me to hit the back button any time someone calls.  annoying.  uninstalled.  _revision_ after giving it a second chance it started giving me notifications and ads even after i disabled them.
i liked it. its sending alot of ad msgs to the inbox but i just delete them. video quality could be a little better. but i get to video chat with family and thats priceless. i love free apps and ill deal with a few ads to see my family.
i'm running tango version 3.13.128111 on my lg g2, kk 4.4.4 and for some reason, i cannot connect with bluetooth devices, not one but all 3 devices that i have. audio always routes to the speaker phone. i have no bluetooth problem with viber. also, under chat tab, is there anyway to disable the _you may know ..._ bar_ is it an ads that tango intentionally put in_ it's very annoying.
if you hate ads don't install this_.. i hate ads... there is no option to remove ads on this app... so waste a time  i spend money to buy in app purchase when i can't remove the stupid annoying  ads... the faq section also not help, this is your app not a google app... right now my rating for this app is 0_ if i can, only because of stupid annoying ads and your greedy_...
tango used to be the best app for video and text chat but it gets slower with every update. the voice and video are out of sink and the video freezes up often. tango also takes a lot more space than is necessary over 130mb, with endless folders full of thumbnails for games and advertising _don't most apps just have advertising that is connected to the internet and not stored on the device_. but unfortunately it is still the only app i can get to work that works like a phone accross android and ios. i just wish they had a simple version again that would text and do video chat and the little in call games, not have all the advertising for games online and music that is stored on your device, and not have the find people _strangers_ on tango nearby. i would pay for that.
tango used to be the best app for video and text chat but it gets slower with every update. the voice and video are out of sink and the video freezes up often. tango also takes a lot more space than is necessary with endless folders full of thumbnails for games and advertising. but unfortunately it is still the only app i can get to work that works like a phone accross android and ios. i just wish they had a simple version again that would text and do video chat and the little in call games, not have all the advertising for games online and music that is stored on your device, and not have the find people _strangers_ on tango nearby. i would pay for that.
finally unistalled it as it sends me spammy push notifications all hours of the day and night.  advertisements about features, friend requests from strangers and so on. no apparent way to disable notifications.
great reply 2 many ads l
ads galore, and the app downloaded over a thousand ad jpgs and gifs onto my phone that kept making it impossible to find my album pictures.  even if they were excluded hidden or deleted, more would be downloaded. don't bother with this garbage. it's like inviting a new friend into your home only to walk into the living room and discovering they threw trash everywhere. i shudder for the future of app development as this sort of crap is becoming almost routine on android.
my only issue is that it dumps junk into the gallery from the ad's, but it still rocks.
i received a message today supposedly from one of my contacts. however, after having spoken to the person in question, i was told the person never sent me any message. wth_ it's very fraudulent of tango to assume someone's identity and intrude on their privacy in order to advertise itself. tango's privacy policy is a joke. if i could give this app zero star, i would. why google do not investigate this app is surprising to me.
add options for privacy and security. i dont want people to see who i am friends with. and stop sending advertisiement that i am not intrested in, through my contacts_
tango works so well there's no advertising all the time and you can use it whenever you want conclusion_ tango is awesome
it's a good hybrid between windows, android and ios. once and a while calls don't go through_receive but for the most part it's consistent also the ads that pop up on my phone when the app isn't running can be annoying.
this application is good with a room for improvements.  firstly,  it freezes during video calls and call drops_off inadvertently. secondly,  team needs to re_think the design or incorporate few changes as many of my friends switched to other applications as they found it difficult to use earlier. the worst part _ the auto enabled feature which ensures that tango is used as default for messaging even though the feature can be disabled. kindly remove it in your next update.
i am a beautiful person for this product to be a good idea to advertise the same time as the first time
today the app auto updates and sms is being displayed in a bubble, which i did not authorize. i promptly uninstalled. full of bloatware and constant annoying ads whether i use the app or not. good riddance.
started getting ads or push messages today. uninstalled rite away. funny how a few years ago that was called vmware and people spend money to insure there pc was protected but now no one cares about the info on there phones and all that personal info on them. plus they have that stupid grey x they put in my text messages. now it has taken over my text messages. time to uninstall again.
i use to like this app but its so annoying.  i would use it more often if others had it. but now i cant stand to have it because it spams my phone with its own advertisements. i have to uninstall it bacause its so annoying
the ads are suck. it does not allow me to have a continuous 2 mins call
been using tango for a few years now. on my htc one m8 why do advertising images show up in my gallery regardless of how many times i delete them_ never had this issue on my htc one x. i don't want to sit there and choose to exclude the however many hundreds of sub_folders created. please fix and i'd be happy to revert to 5 stars
ads and so many unneccessary info i dont want to see on my phone
too much ads
i thought that it is free but it was charging local sms charges... so it was not what they were advertising. ..
so when i had to text my boss it told him i'd be late and that we should chat via tango. adding your advertising to my text messages is an automatic uninstall_
not bad ..many issues with calls ..unable to hear recipient.dropping . gargled..does my head in ..lol..also to many ads...overall .ok _
performance issue also lots of message and advertisement... needs lot of improvement..
how does this app have any good reviews_ it is the worst messaging app out there. it is intrusive, reading everything and anything about you, even when you take a pic it tries to upload it to its servers. even when i set all the settings to no notifications it still constantly gives me advertising notifications. don't download and delete if you have it_
i didn't know what tango was until i downloaded it bcoz of family member abroad for making calls..  i found out people send you friend requests... and you send too.. i am extremely disappointed.. and would not recommend to anyone... this app shouldn't exist. bcoz it's not making friends... it's getting fixed up with alot of women and men... advertising yourself with pictures vulgar and naked... under 16 are on here.. bad influence to them...that's what i have experienced..
i don't even really use tango but its constantly sending ads to people in my name and sending me ads that i know my friends didn't send. uninstalling right now...
love being able too see my family live, but it would be nice if you could get tango to stop duplicating any regular text messages i get thru google. sometimes when i'm sending regular texts tango sneaks ads into the messages i'm sending_kinda embarrassing.          09_22_2014  1am_i can't believe y'all are sending out tango promotions at 1am in the morning_i'm telling you now if it happens again i'm getting rid of tango_
i don't want to join another social network. i don't like the frequent notifications to check out ads, games, or friend confirmation messages that i didn't initiate let alone accept. this app acts like it has gone rogue.
i enjoyed this app until i kept getting malware like popups and redirects to download tango from the google play store on random sites and apps.  i do not support companies that advertise like this.
please just give us a paid pro version without advertisements rather than saying it's free with tons of adverts. this is really annoying_
would be better with 1080p face time and stop with the ads and having a fake conversation with friends
too many ads and sponsored apps
started getting ads or push messages today. uninstalled rite away. funny how a few years ago that was called vmware and people spend money to insure there pc was protected but now no one cares about the info on there phones and all that personal info on them. plus they have that stupid grey x they put in my text messages.
there are many ads during the voice call, that make the call very bad.
love being able too see my family live, but it would be nice if you could get tango to stop duplicating any regular text messages i get thru google. sometimes when i'm sending regular texts tango sneaks ads into the messages i'm sending_kinda embarrassing
improved eveything. but advertisements make it look unprofessional.
too many ads and sponsored apps
app works as advertised, but lately it shows it's glitches can be the worst. for example while doing a regular phone call through the app, it would not allowedw me to turn my screen back on. i had to wait for my phone to die to fix it. also with picture in picture messaging, it also stopped me from closing the conversation because it kept reappearing by itself. there is a glitch in the matrix....
would be better with 1080p face time and stop with the ads and having a fake conversation with friends
this app let you talk to your friends and relative over the world free of charge.  so that you can use either voice calls or video calls.  the sound so much clear.  no viruses or bugs and or ads which you may face it in the other apps.
i like this app better than skype, the txt suprises are cool and if they would fix the video chat better i wud give 5 stars... no ads tho, so far...
just notice an advertisement sent from my phone to a contact of mine...i quickly uninsalled the app....say it with me...deleted...deleted. .deleted
tango keeps sending advertisements disguised as messages from contacts. it's also dumping an enormous amount of rubbish on the system. _in gallery choose 'show hidden' en you get litterally thousands of icons, pictures and crap that belongs to tango_ since viber offers videocall now i delete tango, i hate it for not respecting users.
this app could be better, but it turns your phone into a bot by sending unwanted advertisements to persons following your normal text messages. it also places popup solicitations on my desktop that covers other app icons and violates constitutional law by intercepting the total message sent a private person within my sprint android messaging system. i'm deleting the app and sending a consumer complaint to the oregon attorney general.
the amounts of ads are insane
no annoying ads, simple interface, superb content. thank you.
when i click on an advertised or shared ted talk link from social media, it launches my ted app, but never takes me to the actual talk. i then have to figure out how to find the one im interested in. this is a pretty big oversight. any info on when this would be fixed_
love ted. two issues_ 1_ the option to listen to talks often doesn't work. the audio track just doesn't load. 2_ the overall volume for videos is too quiet while the sponsor ads are way too loud_ too many times i'm straining to hear the talk and then get my eardrums destroyed by the blaring ads. please normalize the volume so we can enjoy the talks and ads equally.
love ted. two issues_ 1_ the option to listen to talks often doesn't work. the audio track just doesn't load. 2_ the overall volume for videos is too quiet while the sponsor ads are way too loud_ too many times i'm straining to hear the talk and then get my eardrums destroyed by the blaring ads. please normalize the volume so we can enjoy the talks and ads equally.
great, but too many ads and garbage tweets from people that i don't follow.
back in ad simulator 1.0, the widget would only show ads instead of _mentions only_, and it was fixed several months after my initial review. now for 2.0, i cannot scroll through my feed without having an ad in my face. that's one ad for every two tweets. you can imagine how frustrating it is when i only check my feed every 24 hours. disappointing.
having some new ad below every new reply i have to do is annoying.
there's a reason i never use twitter... i can never seem to remember until i try to use it.. oh yeah... ten ads in my widget box in a row_ what's wrong with you people_ then i click and twitter seems normal... back to my widget on my main screen... ads... ads... ads.. please fix_
i get these pop_up ads on my mobile games, opening youtube, opening pandora anything. but only when im opening something. one of the ads say ads by twitter.
just counted and my twitter widget was only displaying ads, 19 of them to be exact. ridiculous.
but the ads are getting a little out of hand lately, seems like every 4th or 5th tweet on my timeline is an ad
notifications are off there should be zero notifications.  i'm blocking each account associated with an advertisement notification until you run out or i'll just uninstall the app.  we'll see which comes first.
i tried using the widget on my home screen and i see absolutely none of the tweets from people i'm following. as far as i can scroll all i see are ads.
it's ads app
sh1ts me, that i'm being forced to run this update. the app was unable to post my tweets. your ui is really shocking. why can't it function as seamlessly ad the apple app_
at least don't let the ads appear so often. they're very annoying and disturbing. thanks
for over a year, the changelog via google play store hasn't changed. no mention of moments, ads, blue_on_white theme, etc
i enjoy twitter in general. also tweetdeck. but the native app is pretty terrible. the whole thing is now ads every for tweets.
the _what's new_ is for your change log, not to advertise the feature you added 5 updates ago.
i don't like the ads
twitter was refined and good till they added ad services. now these guys are throwing irrelevant ads in tweets_ _
please remove the ads and add instagram support.
stardate 2758.17_ i am beginning to suspect that twitter updates are to better enable advertisers.
this app works as expected. no spam, few ads, basically loads perfectly, ui is top quality, and nice touch having jump to links by user address. other than once having a problem crashing on my samsung this app works greater than just great.
could be better. hate scrolling for days. and too many ads of stuff i need to follow and promotions etc. works on my nerves.
just keep it simple like it used to be. please get rid of the ads and sponsor. it's twitter not facebook
the facebook like autoplaying videos for ads is cancerous. this freezes my phone, app is now unusable.
i uninstalled it. the only tweets i can see in my widget on my samsung galaxy s5 are ads.  first nine are all ads. it's unusable.
it's twitter don't like all the ads though
obscuring the timeline with adverts and 'recommended' tweets. theirs plenty of third party offerings that deliver a superior experience. don't waste your time with this, its gotten progressively worse with time.
taking long time to load media and even to refresh timeline plus irrelevant ads.
waaaay too many promoted ads these days. uninstall.
it's not as good as it use to be, and the adverts are a right royal pain_
my bro says i sent him links _website required twitter account_ social sites sort of thing but oddly enough it started spamming my followers in private message advertising their website or whatever, had to delete account and remake but it's just bs at this point
i like what it was. i don't like all the advertising and the longer tweets coming.
this is how you socially network. no posts getting buried due to algorithms. promoted and advertisement posts are easily dispatched as well.
what a joke. 70_ of the tweets i see are ads now.
too many too often with no benefit to users but with more ads and yet another ad update
for over a year, the changelog via google play store hasn't changed. no mention of moments, ads, blue_on_white theme, etc
i hate seeing promoted ads. nothing i want to see.
please delete old accounts that have been on twitter, for several years_ it only makes sense to delete them_ so i can sign up for my trway_trway1 accounts again_ other wise i really like the rest of twitter_ xcept for the intrusive ads, on our timeline_ i don't like that _all_ you could keep putting ads below our comments_ do you think that could be enough_
works as advertised.
the stock twitter app. fit for average users but can be buggy at times. certain parts are a bit unintuitive, such as when switching accounts. also twitter is pushing out their new timeline which is to say they will bombard you with _relateable_ content and ads.
sometimes it'll randomly keep force stopping, so much that i have to restart my device to get anywhere. ads are intrusive and annoying, and videos don't work 90_ of the time.
scrolling is terrible now that twitter is flooding my feed with ads.
i give the twitter android app 1 stars because ... ads appear  i'm in different apps, causing me to stop what i'm doing when i'm not in the twitter app. keep your ads to yourself_
there is no feed after i scroll through the first page. every page has thousands of tweets and all i see is 4 ads and one post and then nothing loads.
latest update is slow to refresh. crashes during search. notifications are slow. every build is just more junk.  quit trying to junk it up. feed and trends were just fine. moments and the blue dot are useless. was a great place for information. now twitter's drive for dollars has made is a spam site of ads that are irrelevant. i'd pay a _1.99 to be ad free.
shame abt stupid adverts that keep popping up other than that good
it's a great social app. the only thing i'd prob have to complain about is the stupid ads, but then again when aren't they annoying_ however, you have the choice to get rid of most of the ads so there's rly no complaints lol. great app, download it_
ads are ugly and its understandable you need them but they are everywhere, so atleast add like a _2 twitter pro or something for no ads. also the new media tab that replaced photos is ridiculously ineffective. whole point of photos was to see and scroll through all photos quickly. media is just way to big, and including videos makes it worse. ad 2 separate tabs and make a tile view like the old photos tab for both.
please get rid of the ads, they are so annoying_  and moments....what a waste of time_ if you want more people to join here then listen to them...
it's not great but not the worst app ever either. would like to learn what actually changes from update to update. ads in the replies are extremely annoying.
gets worse everyday. missed 99 percent of my feed over the past 24 hours. i hope advertisers know what's going on. they will never fix it. keeps getting worse. loving the demise of twitter. soon we will mourn the loss of twitter. horrible
for over a year, the changelog via google play store hasn't changed. no mention of moments, ads, blue_on_white theme, etc
will you stop the advertising on my time line_ thanks and i really appreciated. see you..
when i like a post it crashes. why_ i'm only still using it coz i hate ads and i'm too lazy to pay for other apps
its good but it has too much ads so it would be better it the issue is fixed
the ads aka promoted tweets are out of control. showing them on every freaking tweet i view_ yeah, the core functions work fine, but that's not enough to use it over 3rd party apps anymore. and how about a dark theme_
despite switching advertising off, i'm getting pushed adverts now, quite often blocking my ability to reply, necessitating the need to answer a 'why' questionnaire to clear it out the way. this doesn't make a business appealing to me, it simply forces me to create a negative association with the business that is forcefully pushing itself over. i will give it one more week, but i am perfectly willing to uninstall and leave twitter if the issue isn't resolved.
_1_ whenever i try to change my header, it always forcely stopped.. after that, when i open my profile it crashed.. so i have to force close twitter from app setting, and open it again. it happens over and over. _2_ why the hell you put many ads, that's very annoying.
seriously, don't show me _what i missed. if i care, i go to people's profiles. the ads also bug me, but i understand you must make money. please please keep tweets in chronological order.
adverts which try to mimic other tweets and replies instead of being clearly marked as adverts is just sneaky and not welcomed. the whole service seems to be on a slow but very definite slippery slope.
source of pop out ads in home screen and notification bar. pls remove i give 5 _
starting to get way too many ads  keep telling it i don't care about _while you were away_ but it keeps showing it.
why are there ads on my timeline and then when i open someone's tweet_
runs great. i just hate the ads
the app used to be fine, but now i'm truly bombed with promotions. full pages of irrelevant promo ad clutter and pointless push messages. the app also seems to crash touchwiz in android. the app also uses personal addressbooks where they really have no business. this app will be removed and will use a browser on a pc instead where i can control my own personal information. i'm done with being treated as cattle.
gets worse everyday. missed 99 percent of my feed over the past 24 hours. i hope advertisers know what's going on. they will never fix it. keeps getting worse. loving the demise of twitter. soon we will mourn the loss of twitter. horrible
keeps getting worse after multiple useless updates. have to reinstall many times. gifs and vines still have major issues working. notifications come late, if ever. loses place in feed and have to scroll back though hours worth of posts. but, there are plenty of ads_ wouldn't want to miss those, huh_ when are you actually going to fix the issues that the people have been ranting about instead of adding more advertising and making the layout uglier_
too many ads an promoted tweets appearing in the feed now.
full of ads
latest update app design were very ugly plus with its bunch of ads. i do prefer more twitter design back in 2012 which have 4 tab at the bottom of screen. they should have options to change screen layout, and also changing font in twitter app based on own devices font. for now i only use this twitter app to find people.
full of ads
i don't mind the occasional adverts. sometimes i see a good offer_ad.
highlights is intrusive and annoying, of course there is no way to turn it off_ cannot see tweets in order, constant ads and _what you missed_ makes it a huge pain to try to find a specific tweet.
please remove the promotional ads off so i don't have to constantly remove them myself
who the hell is your ui_ux designer who thought of putting the like_rt_reply button to the right side_ it sucks big time plus the spacing is uneven. really. it just annoys my eyes ugh i used to love browsing on twitter a lot but the new ui kills me_ ux so bad honestly. other things_ 1. ads appear too much_ 2_ fetching new tweets seems to be slower since the update.
edit_ thanks for putting back the old layout_         who the hell is your ui_ux designer who thought of putting the like_rt_reply button to the right side_ it sucks big time plus the spacing is uneven. really. it just annoys my eyes ugh i used to love browsing on twitter a lot but the new ui kills me_ ux so bad honestly. other things_ 1. ads appear too much_ 2_ fetching new tweets seems to be slower since the update.
what is the point of having a widget if the only visible items are adverts_
works well on my phone, but the highlights feature annoys me, and i keep getting recommended content no matter how many times i say _i don't like this._ i understand ads, but you should be able to turn that off.
the app is fine and works like usual, but my main gripe is that the android widget features way too many promo tweets_ it takes up the whole space and now i just have a page full of ads. no thanks.
well written app. it works as advertised. thank you developer.
works as advertised
way too many ads way too often, it's always the same two irrelevant ads. i want to see my friends tweets not an ad for a car renting agency. i also hate the layout when looking at a profiles pictures
love the app excluding the ads.
what happened to inbuilt browser, now i click on a link and straight away it opens up in chrome and what up with the ads
new update sucks, too many ads and won't let me change and upload pictures _
too many targeted ads lately
i don't want ads in my timeline so i won't use this app_
great app not many ads
please get rid of the ads, they are so annoying_  and moments....what a waste of time_
two very big problems with the newer versions, first all the ads forced on us, utter garbage, why should we have to see such rubbish_ secondly i don't want to see trending topics when i click search, for one thing as others have mentioned it leads to spoilers in sport and media, for another it means you need to click twice to search and finally, if i wanted to see trending topics i'd go look for them, there's little that interests me less than _trending_.
ads_ who decided that ads needed to be added to every aspect of the experience_ they need to revisit and revise. _unfun
gets worse everyday. missed 99 percent of my feed over the past 24 hours. i hope advertisers know what's going on. they will never fix it. keeps getting worse. loving the demise of twitter. soon we will mourn the loss of twitter. horrible
i hate the new one. can you please put it back to the way it was. some useless updates once more. you should be worrinv about how to cut down these ads not the layout of the pics....
i used to love this app. everything i wanted for twitter. minimalistic, good ui, all of that good stuff. but then the ads began appearing. you began implementing more and more and more ads_ first there were only a few in the timeline, then every ten tweets had an ad, now they are in the replies for tweets, which makes absolutely no sense. these ads have gotten so annoying, i just see no reason to use this app over fenix or talon. among other things, the lack of a dark mode is also a glaring issue.
web twitter lets me dismiss tweeted ads. i want this in the app too.
who the hell is your ui_ux designer who thought of putting the like_rt_reply button to the right side_ it sucks big time plus the spacing is uneven. really. it just annoys my eyes ugh i used to love browsing on twitter a lot but the new ui kills me_ ux so bad honestly. other things_ 1. ads appear too much_ 2_ fetching new tweets seems to be slower since the update.
multiple accounts can managed separately or branches together. good for people who are into social media advertising
no irrelevant ads showing up and convenient to use.
twitter is clean and fast and you can tailor your experience to exactly the kind of content you want while also keeping in touch with friends. minimal ads.
pointless ads get old really quick and lots of porn. other than that, great social media app
i'd love their app if it wasn't increasingly frustrating to use. the app constantly freezes and tried to crash every time i scroll by an advertisement. i get it, its a free app and the ads arent going anywhere, but they're seriously making their app unusable.
i'd love their app if it wasn't increasingly frustrating to use. the app constantly freezes and tried to crash every time i scroll by an advertisement. i get it, its a free app and the ads arent going anywhere, but they're seriously making their app unusable.
twitter has enough ways as social media it has a way to follow your friends family and its good advertisement for youtubers
twitter connects, interacts and is the best platform even for businesses to advertise and inform.
revolutionary international web based mobile business  _ work from home _ zero investment _ 100_ legal business _ 100_ pure income _ work on fb _ whatsapp only _ work only 30 minutes a day _ instant withdrawal of earning _ earn monthly 15,000 to 50,000 _ for this business you need only smartphone _ net _ income _ _ 1. online recharge _ 2. online _ _ _ 3. online _ _ 4. _ _ 5. bonus _ 6. _ _ _ 7 . view ad _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
can you guys take the ads away .. please
not sure what's causing the issues but frankly it sucks. getting very tired of the constant advertising bs.
gets worse everyday. missed 99 percent of my feed over the past 24 hours. i hope advertisers know what's going on. they will never fix it. keeps getting worse. loving the demise of twitter. soon we will mourn the loss of twitter. horrible
battery life has dramatically decrease _20_, 1_5 of its life_ ever since i installed the app. doesn't load recent tweets on wifi _both xperia z1, galaxy note 4 and also my tablet_, also get the classic _cannot retrieve tweets at the moment_ on 4g_lte and doesn't support in app handle change _putname_here_... riddled with ads disguised as tweets by pages you follow... not impressed. i might just use the browser given that the app sucks.
you can be excused for have pop up ads in your own app.  but ones that pop up in all apps constantly are pushing me to ditch twitter
update app doesn't show any tweets, timeline or even ads. basically this doesn't allow any twitter experience, but it sure used to. so what's gone wrong guys_
the widget is starting to be unusable. i get all ads until the last two in the list. so i only really get 2 tweets from people i follow. 1 ad is not a big deal, but there's so many there's almost no use for the widget.
does what is expected of it pretty well, could space out the ads a bit more but highlights are cool. only thing i can suggest is editing a tweet, and searching a person's tweets while on their profile.
fix the app please, because it fails to load, and there are  too many ads on it. timeline fails to load, and it crashes often
have a good ad blocker installed, and this becomes a fast, responsive, intuitive twitter app. far better than facebook's app.
twitter has been very impactful over all the years and helped made the difference. the ads placement are weird but i understand
they bombard you with unwanted twits and ads. you got no control over your page,  they just pack it with garbage. i'm not surprised their stock price went from _70 to _18. loser company, loser app, worthless stock. they don't even deserve one star. unistalled.
why not make adds for this thing it's great just advertise 2 get more people
there are hives, drones, bots _ hackers on twitter , do not continue_  you have been warned.  please proceed with caution _ contact your local law enforcement for suggestions.  for advice _ help securing twitter please contact me as i can help render cylindrical containment if given access to adjust remote access hidden adverts occupying the system management container etc.  email, tweets, retweets, allowances, sub tweets, image client storage, layering, front _ backdoor viewers, target vulnerability.
when i first install the app, the area with the moments, mentions, search etc is blue. when i close the app and go back, it's white. is this a bug_ also getting double ads instead of just one
longtime users will know that this app has seen better days. what with the cutting of useful features, influx of new ads and an oddly outdated interface, twitter sure has a lot of cleaning up to do.
the app _service_ has gone downhill with ads recently. i get ten tweets from people i follow then two ads. that's 17_ of my news feed filled with ads, not to mention the 'who to follow' and 'suggested apps.' make it stop. i realize ads make money, so i'll pay a one_time cost to remove them. _not a recurring monthly_yearly fee._
smooth, gives me the notifications i want and not too much advertising. great app_
stop giving me suggestions for who to follow in my notifications, or give me the option to turn it off. it didn't start doing this until recently. i don't like thinking someone tweeted something and then finding out twitter is advertising some account. otherwise it works great.
can't read my twitter feed from this because there is an advertisement every 4 tweets and i have too much self respect to waste that much of my time accidentally reading ads disguised as tweets. this app will lose your place in the feed. its only good for composing tweets. use plume or tweetcaster to read your feed instead of feeding corporate greed.
can't read my twitter feed from this because there is an advertisement every 4 tweets and i have too much self respect to waste that much of my time accidentally reading ads disguised as tweets. this app will lose your place in the feed. its only good for composing tweets. use plume or tweetcaster to read your feed instead of feeding corporate greed.
a well designed app.  works very well. could live without the ads.
pretty useful, just wish had way less ads and junk tweets
only thing i don't like about twitter now use the constant promoted tweets and advertisements
hate the ads
now, when you reply to a reply, your username is included in the tweet_ why_ there's still lots of other broken things like dms randomly losing position, image cropping badly and more. and these ads in every reply_so bad. just let other apps have push notifications ffs. or let me pay for your service_
wayyy too many ads. chill
but still, too many ads, recommended posts, _while you were away_, favs from other people, or tweets from people i don't follow. would be nice if i could have more control over what shows up in my timeline, like before. needs synced notifications_ an actual changelogs that describe what's changing would be nice
way too many ads embedded in my feed.
all of it is functioning well. but this update really sucks i dont want to see any highlights or advertisement. any _what you missed_ stuff. all of that should lessen.              _new comment_ why does it always crash _
i can't respond. ..too many ads
idc if multiple people follow a twitter account, it's getting more frequent and my patience of wanting it to stop is getting low. also any time i click a link, an advertisement pops up on every page, even when i clicked cancel on the page prior to that. it's needs a whole new update as far as format too.
show more tweets tab_button needs to be more visible_ too many ads. other than that it's just _ok_.
i hate that now there is a permanent ad from my cellular company in the top bar. how can i remove, block this_
i hate the advertisement tweets they put in the comments_replies now. it's like my inbox without a spam filter. you couldn't leave them in the feed where you had them_
love how this app doesnt have ad popping out once in a while. been using this and havent had any problem since. _
stop adding more ads
way too many ads in my feed, the all white design is horrible, it doesn't conform to material design at all. videos slow to load, app crashes after liking a few pictures. suggestions appear way to often, my feed looks cluttered.
can you not make the feed automatically scroll to the top_ i like reading old tweets in the morning only to find myself scrolling all the way back to the bottom to find my spot. update_ too many ads, too many highlights, i don't trust you guys to update this app until you tell me what i'm updating. pathetic
twitter app has got so bad over the past few months. my time line jumps so i miss lots of tweets i find all the ads that appear really annoying  how can i get rid of them.
update 1_5_2016_ highlights is awful. timeline comes in out of order as twitter works hard to undermine why we liked it in the first place. ads are taking over. stop it. ugh.  update 5_24_15_ tl resets to my last tweets when i try to refresh instead of getting new tweets.                               1_31_2015 hated world cup mod. nfl mod will be just as annoying. keep kardashians and popcrap out of my tl and stop ruining a good thing.
i'm not sure why but it seems like every update i get, the app gets slower and slower. it's also just a bunch of advertisements.
the app works great, though the introduction of the spammy ad tweets and the _what you missed_ section is entirely unnecessary and annoying.
the first 13 posts in the desktop widget are all ads. so now i ask, what is the point of the widget_ i have never been a big fan of the twitter app but now it's worse.
gets worse everyday. missed 99 percent of my feed over the past 24 hours. i hope advertisers know what's going on. they will never fix it. keeps getting worse. loving the demise of twitter. soon we will mourn the loss of twitter. horrible
annoying useless push notifications. i don't care about who other people are following. also, waaay too many sponsored tweets and ads i don't care about and don't pay any attention to.
the app and the idea are good indeed, but the amount of advertising the subscribers post is starting being annoying to me.
everytime i check my notifications appear suggestions and ads...
in widget, it shows almost always the _promoted_ tweet only, even latest tweet is other one. i need up_to_date information from twitter widget, not an ad. ads are enough for me in the timeline in twitter. _ the widget shows only one ad from yesterday. i lower the rate by one star.
5 stars once ads stop appearing when i comment on peoples feeds
this is still the only app that reliably does the full twitter experience properly, but the number of adverts is getting out of hand. i understand the need to monetise, but it's too much. trying out the alternatives again.
the widgets has been showing only ads and nothing else for the past one month. pretty awful and unethical to the say the least.
keeps throwing ads into posts
way too spammy with all the ads
good but ads are slowly sliding in...
this app is okay. i don't like the pushed ads however, nor the suggestions for feeds to follow. let me choose what i want, and don't interrupt what i have chosen with your ideas.
perfect for interacting with my fans and other youtubers. great chance of advertisement aswell.
gets worse everyday. missed 99 percent of my feed over the past 24 hours. i hope advertisers know what's going on. they will never fix it. keeps getting worse. loving the demise of twitter. soon we will mourn the loss of twitter. horrible
great app but too much waste advertisement_
first you take away the favs. then you bug the app and every time i like something, the app thinks that i've pressed the back button. and if that's not enough, you're showing two ads at a time. when will you fix your s_it_
i would give it 5 likea but theres so many ads on my feed_
please remove all the ads. they are very annoying and irrevelant.
doesn't load recent tweets on wifi _both xperia z1, galaxy note 4 and my tablet_ and doesn't support in app handle change _putname_here_... riddled with ads disguised as tweets by pages you follow... not impressed.
ads, ads, ads, ads. i only follow a couple of people. i couldn't figure out how to find the feeds that i've been following with the web interface.
the ads are ridiculous. please get rid of them
great app not many ads
while the app works as it should,  the intermingling of ads in the tweet feed makes me use twitter less and less,  which makes the whole app redundant.
ooohhmygod, i hate all the ads that appear on my tl and below tweets that are mentioned to me. not only that, but i can't see what is is on my timeline because it tells me it can't upload tweets at this time....all the time.
all the latest updates do is fill twitter with adverts twitter _ tw_ts. every time an ad is forced on me i report the company and then block them making this update counter productive.
all the latest updates do is fill twitter with adverts twitter _ tw_ts. every time an ad is forced on me i report the company and then block them making this update counter productive.
perfect, except for the introduction of ads under every single tweet.
seeing way to may ads now and its annoying as hell.
the first 13 posts in the desktop widget are all ads. so now i ask, what is the point of the widget_ i have never been a big fan of the twitter app but now it's worse. talk about desperation to monetize.
this app now sends pop up ads since it was updated. deleted
this app works great_ it's as advertised
too many ads. inconvenient. sorry. i know you are making money with this, but having advertising in almost every tweet _conversation_ we open is a bad idea for me. _
too many ads. inconvenient. sorry. i know you are making money with this, but having advertising in almost every tweet _conversation_ we open is a bad idea for me. _
app is smooth overall. twitter is a refreshing change after permanently deleting fb. after a few weeks using this i'm liking the trends_highlight features _ how it can be used as more of a public forum_news feed overall than fb _which has been ruined with ads _ too many baby pictures._ where else can u use a hashtag to instantly spread your message worldwide_ the average users iq seems higher on here too.
i wish it had some more features and less intrusive ads but its still good twitter client.
twitter is pretty good, still. but the ads need to be less and you should be able to see who voted in your polls.
ads are taking over which actually does affect user experience since i have to scroll past the same lengthy ads every time i refresh the feed
the app itself is neat and makes using twitter easy as all get out twitter however has lost all my respect. i have been using facebook for years and never had a problem with adds provided by facebook popping up even when logged off with pop up block on but ever since starting twitter i've had ads with twitters logo slapped on them and saying brought to you by twitter so i've uninstalled and still the stupid ads so as a last resort i tried to deactivate my acct only to find out i can't do that.... it's a commercialist dream ya can't stop the sponsors ads even after uninstall sounds suspiciously like virus behavior or worm....... hmmmmm is this the new gunpowder_ i'm anti twitter for life now
please turn off all your ads on my account, don't need it
while i love twitter, i hate that there is no paid service to remove ads. also there should be a quicker way to access your lists _like a shortcut on the home screen to a specific list would be awesome_ and also i've heard that twitter is testing a non_chronological timeline. that is the worst idea ever. if that is implemented without a way to turn it off, i won't use twitter anymore. honestly, if third party apps had push notifications, i wouldn't use the official app at all. oh, and moments is dumb.
we know ads was one of your source of income, but placing ads in replies is taking anoying and greed to another level. facebook had more ads, but have you ever see them in the comments section_
annoying ads appearing on the screen when i open the phone.
can't do anything without the app crashing, ridiculous amount of ads. a terrible update_
ads everywhere _
every tweet has an advert attached to it now. completely ruined twitter now.
i hate the ads but its ok
getting alot more ads then i use to
in widget, it shows almost always the _promoted_ tweet only, even latest tweet is other one. i need up_to_date information from twitter widget, not an ad. ads are enough for me in the timeline in twitter.
timeline of tweets is hard to follow, and way too many ads. to keep up with what is on my feed have to use website, and not the app. now trying to find an alternative app.
the design changes made to this app are incomprehensible _ they have made a once okay_looking app look truly repellent. the feed also jumps around a lot and ads seem to be increasing. twitter sinks lower, again.
it won't load a pic after new update and too much ads
gets worse everyday. missed 99 percent of my feed over the past 24 hours. i hope advertisers know what's going on. they will never fix it. keeps getting worse. loving the demise of twitter. soon we will mourn the loss of twitter. horrible
get rid of this ugly white theme, blue theme was way better. all crashes nonstop and there are way too many ads
ads be everywhere you tweet there is an ad you look at a tweet an ad. yeah very good job turning me off the app.
every time i open a tweet there's an ad sitting at the bottom. they appear ridiculously frequently throughout my feed. i get that developers are trying to make a living but come on this is so excessive
1 tweet by someone i follow. then endless side_scrolling of ads as a tweet right underneath. then scroll down for about 5 more tweets, followed by another tweet advert... i'm quickly getting over twitter. i can't even tell what is _ isn't an ad. south park proves themselves right as always _
1 tweet by someone i follow. then endless side_scrolling of ads as a tweet right underneath. then scroll down for about 5 more tweets, followed by another tweet advert... i'm quickly getting over twitter. i can't even tell what is _ isn't an ad. south park proves themselves right as always _
gets worse everyday. missed 99 percent of my feed over the past 24 hours. i hope advertisers know what's going on. they will never fix it. keeps getting worse. loving the demise of twitter. soon we will mourn the loss of twitter. horrible
there are ads everywhere. just having one ad on my timeline was fine, now i keep getting 2 or 3. there's even ads_suggested tweets below expanded tweets. annoying features that don't disappear_can't be disabled_ while you were away_suggested by twitter, highlights. still glitchy_ switching back and forth between accounts changes the media_tweet bar at the bottom, tweets are messed up on the feed_ they move and overlap each other, the search bar takes ages to load results. also, you never add patch notes_
lots of updates but no changes or improvements... apart from more adverts...
every ad that pops up on anyone's phones is rude
the new features twitter is putting in feel more like advertisments than things that i really care to see.
broken picture uploads, uses too much data, every other tweet is _promoted_ aka an ad. goodbye twitter
twitter is now putting adverts within people's timelines. very annoying and intrusive.
needs an overhaul, very bored and ads in the app are absolutely annoying now. can't stand to open it, and no longer has a crack_like addiction stranglehold on me.
works as advertised. everyone has bandwidth now.
do not install this update_ it forces ads everywhere in the app, every time you see the tweet details it gives you an ad, it even has a new message in the upper banner from your carrier, which leads to an ad_
love the update. ads are getting annoying.
well the widget is fixed_ now i see no friends posts. 100_ ads.
there are too many advertisements and they are literally everywhere. i'm okay with ads in my timeline but even in conversations_
there are too many advertisements and they are literally everywhere. i'm okay with ads in my timeline but even in conversations_
could have been 5 but way too many adverts. great instant messaging app to keep up with the world _ around you and say what you think about it.
thanks twitter not only is this app continually crashing still after the 6th update l'm getting pestered by unwanted ad's as well now.. you must hate your customers _
apps ok except every fourth tweet is an ad. ruins the experience.
just remove the useless ads. i dont want it. disable it now
an ad every time i open a tweet really isn't something that excites me a whole lot  it makes me want to deactivate
.i.. _iiii  it's getting progressively worse_  if i haven't checked twitter all day, when i finally get to it, my timeline jumps at least 12 hours and will not show any tweets within the time period it jumped.  significant increase in ads.   it needs to add the ability to quote your own tweets_      tweets load slowly. photos, videos and gifs still load slow regardless of connection speed.       develop some confidence twitter...i like _while you were away_...stop asking_ i just want to dismiss it when i'm finished with it.   put something in settings so people have the ability to turn it off if they please.
you keep updating the app and integrating more and more advertisements.  the new promoted tweets inside of tweets is obnoxious.  i also don't like twitter automatically compressing my feed.  sometimes i don't look at feed for several hours and don't like expanding the tweets and losing my place.
way too many ads
twitter used to be such a good app.  now with inappropriate and irrelevant ads appearing in tweets, i've had no choice but to find a good enough 3rd party app to replace it.  goodbye twitter, you will be missed.
ooohhmygad, i hate all the ads that appear on my tl and below tweets that are mentioned to me.
ads under detailed view of tweet_ non sequential timeline _experiments_ timeline ads duplicated 2_4 times_ continual _curation_ feature bloat, flying in the face of the reverse_chronological empire you and your users built_ and you wonder why user engagement is falling...
literally every other tweet is an ad
stop with the ad tweets please
fix the app please, because it fails to load, and there are  too many ads on it
the highlights and twitter ads stuff is very annoying. please take it down, i don't think this is necessary at all.
you guys always end up ruining everything eventually with ads. they pop up everywhere on twitter now, nope. 1 star. i really really hate ads, they make the app 10000x less enjoyable.
i wish ads were shown less, but i understand that twitter needs them
despite switching advertising off, i'm getting pushed adverts now, quite often blocking my ability to reply, necessitating the need to answer a 'why' questionnaire to clear it out the way. this doesn't make a business appealing to me, it simply forces me to create a negative association with the business that is forcefully pushing itself over. i will give it one more week, but i am perfectly willing to uninstall and leave twitter if the issue isn't resolved.
pictures post blurry always on galaxy. why.     i posted this review a year ago. it's 2015 and i can't upload a picture to twitter _ twitcon, banner photo, or in general _ to twitter without the resolution getting diluted to making the picture invisible. this company is absurd. aren't you somehow competing with instagram_ on another note, every time i click an article from a tweet, it comes with a spam advertisement that tries to convince me my computer is broken and i should buy their software. mal ware_
7 hours of gap on my timeline_ also, it's really annoying to see so many ads at the top.
gets worse everyday. missed 99 percent of my feed over the past 24 hours. i hope advertisers know what's going on. they will never fix it. keeps getting worse. loving the demise of twitter. soon we will mourn the loss of twitter. horrible
1 tweet by someone i follow. then endless side_scrolling of ads as a tweet right underneath. then scroll down for about 5 more tweets, followed by another tweet advert... i'm quickly getting over twitter. i can't even tell what is _ isn't an ad. south park proves themselves right as always _
1 tweet by someone i follow. then endless side_scrolling of ads as a tweet right underneath. then scroll down for about 5 more tweets, followed by another tweet advert... i'm quickly getting over twitter. i can't even tell what is _ isn't an ad. south park proves themselves right as always _
so many updates, no improvement. don't need the highlight of what you've missed and advertisement. still crappy.
i get prompted weekly if my email has changed and is update to do. i don't know about you, but i don't change mine weekly and don't need to be prompted relentlessly about it. ads are becoming increasingly annoying as well. would love an option to buy out of them.
i used to like the interface but now that you used up too much space for ads, its hard to concentrate on my tl. and now why cant i refresh my timeline on mobile data_ only when i connect to wifi i can tweet. i hate it_
i cannot 'like' anything on the twitter app as it simply crashes every time i do _android_. also, the appearance of ads every 5 tweets is just ridiculous. fixes please.
ad setting too difficult
what is even the point of the widget if it shows you ads a large majority of the time over tweets from people you follow_ each update makes the ads even more prominent_ now, the app won't show me tweets past 7 hours, it skips to 5 days ago for some reason after that_ just show me all the tweets_
4 stars. 1 star missing by ads
some of the advertisement tweets are just annoying.
all of it is functioning well. but this update really sucks i dont want to see any highlights or advertisement. any _what you missed_ stuff. all of that should lessen.
adds who ever it wants with out asking. then floods your feed with ads. and has no strings to stop  crap feeds you never asked that bury the ones you want to read
mexican users from carrier telcel hate the permanent ad this carrier has offering their services on the twitter app. it is unacceptable for you to allow this kind of ads on your app, impossible to discard and limiting the screen area this app can use. please ban this kind of intrusive advertising.
mexican users from carrier telcel hate the permanent ad this carrier has offering their services on the twitter app. it is unacceptable for you to allow this kind of ads on your app, impossible to discard and limiting the screen area this app can use. please ban this kind of intrusive advertising.
it does in simplicity what others can't in their  fancier ones. no extra ads, no garbage.
web twitter lets me dismiss tweeted ads. i want this in the app too.
gets worse everyday. missed 99 percent of my feed over the past 24 hours. i hope advertisers know what's going on. they will never fix it. keeps getting worse. loving the demise of twitter. soon we will mourn the loss of twitter.
i hate that now there is a permanent ad from my cellular company in the top bar.
please fix. my twitter feed doesn't have any pics. even display pictures aren't there even ads and even my own twitter profile. fix this_
in my tl, very much ads, sponsored, and more.
getting double advertisements, one after the other.
not only are there annoying ads, the last few updates have been horrible. my 5 minute update_ never happens. it crashes at least 3 times a day forcing me to restart my phone. twitter is getting so bad, i am starting to really hate using the app.
i recently started using the widget. somehow it shows a higher proportion of ads than the app itself. out of 20 tweets displayed on widget, 10 are promotional. that's a cheap shot from you guys.
wish the ads would go away, but it is business.
it doesn't fetch my flip flops or any other mystical features, but it is good at doing what is advertised.
a lot of annoying ads and sometimes it doesn't show notifications properly. otherwise great app.
do not update_ with each update twitter app just gets worse and worse. you'd think a multi_million dollar company could make an app that works as it should but nope_ imagine if you bought a car and as you were driving it off the lot they stopped you b_c they found defects _plural, defects_bugs, etc._, or as the devs call it _updates_ and you couldn't use it as advertised. get your sh_t together twitter.
but still, sort of, works. better than any other ad supported third party option, i guess.
notifications don't show since last 2 updates. but you know that. i also can't figure out what the updates were. just stop updating and fix problems. i'm losing followers. stop ads and jumpy tweets. k_i_s_s_ first rule of business_ keep it simple stupid. we can go weeks without an update. really_
my problem is not the actual ads themselves but every time im scrolling through and i reach one it freezes my phone and i can't do anything but push back a hundred times to finally get it to load again. please fix this_ i'd actually use it more often if this didnt happen
generally good app, but the homescreen widget i used to love is just 90_ promoted_tweet spam lately. please fix this_ a widget that's all ads is useless and downright unpleasant_ _samsung note5, 5.1.1_
i only gave a star so that i could comment. again. anyway the app updated 5 times in less than a week. what was fixed_  i have screen shots of this _showing instead of actual letters. a followers avi actually played instead of some ray liotta video advertisement. it was like possessed.. a dm of mine is still sending from last week. as for the hearts, you should replace them with a brain. so that way you could let people's minds be blown. i have yet to receive an email from tweets i've reported in 2 yrs.
i love this app. its really good and runs smoothly. sometimes my timeline will look a bit messy though with ads etc. but that's not the end if the world.
i wish it had some more features and less intrusive ads but its still good twitter client.
i dont care about the _while you were away_ or the ads or highlights
lots of repetitive ads, i know you need them but let's have different ones
ads are great_ _ sarcasm can we make the widget resizeable in all directions_ would only make sense...
not only is the like button a stupid, useless change from the favorite button, but i have to click it at least 10 times for it to register that i even liked something. plus the timeline randomly scrolls up, and i don't need to see an ad every 5 tweets... this app gets worse and worse and worse
get a lot of automated followers, ads are becoming too much, and notifications can sometimes be annoying.
getting double ads that are the same, and gaps of time with missing tweets
cannot play videos seeing as they're either entirely glitchy and gray or they say _content not available._ the search also does not work and whenever i try searching for anything it says _search failed_ or _no results available_... if i'm searching for a trending tag, shouldn't there be some results_ please fix these messes of problems. update_ still no fix. wtf_ update2_ search works, videos still do not. also can you guys tone it down with the multiple ads on the widget_ it's really bothersome.
latest update blows_ view a conversation, a tweet, or an image, and the timeline refreshes when you step back, losing where you were. as annoying as the ads on tweetcaster are they are not as annoying as this_
hard to ignore such ease and speed around the usa_ would be great if more people could give their option on their interests. being interactive with contacts by group share, be it family, friends and or professional. i believe it would allow more privacy and security. it also would be great to block what you don't want sent to you_  you know porn, unsolicited certain advertisements for things that aren't to you liking. just think that we could keep our children safer.
almost 2_3rd of the trending tags are filled with movie promotions and some product campaigns. twitter is overrun by the advertising media now. sad.
for the last 2_3 months, the app is only showing ads_promoted tweets. the ad won't change _literally for weeks_ until i go into my account, then the next time i check the app, it's another ad. i am not getting any notifications _ not seeing tweets from people i follow. no recent update has fixed this. i am not an avid twitter user, but still like to check in a few times a week. i basically haven't used it in over 2 months because of this. please fix it_
i can't believe you accost ppl with ads even when they aren't using their application. im trying to watch a youtube video or play a game and i see an ad every ten minutes. i followed the instructions to turn off ads and im still getting twitter ads. that's insane. i'm deleting this app, unsubscribing from twitter and telling everyone not to use this service.
way too many ads and promotional things. and it shouldn't take me 3 times to like a post. when i first touch it ,the heart should become red . thank you
twitter opening ads when i open other apps on my phone traced back to twitter. deleting wtf
things i hate about twitter_ crashes every 5 minutes. jumps to top when i'm in the middle of reading, and i can't find that tweet again. shows me tweets from people i don't follow instead of people i do follow. too many ads.
i am not fond of it trying to tell me what i missed while away, pretty sure i can look through tweets until i find the last one i saw. also not fond of ads to things i am not interested in but i realize that you have basically no info on my interests. also it will not load lately.
has too many advertisement adds and it has to many fake ones
tell advertisements to stop but they keep appearing
too many advertisements and dead activity _fav _ follow from other users_ feed_ _'_
i'm used to seeing your ads and promoted tweets on timeline...now i don't see them.
jammin advertisements down our throats.. so useless
stop putting your crappy ads in my widget.  i have the widget out to see tweets from the people i'm tracking, not the people paying you to put their crap in front of me.  it makes the widget totally useless.  what the hell is wrong with you guys_  it's been non stop since this last update.  every time i block whoever you put there, you just put someone else.  do i have to block all of twitter but my watch list to get it to stop_  to advertisers, show up on my screen and get blocked.  wasted money.
stop putting your crappy ads in my widget.  i have the widget out to see tweets from the people i'm tracking, not the people paying you to put their crap in front of me.  it makes the widget totally useless.  what the hell is wrong with you guys_  it's been non stop since this last update.  every time i block whoever you put there, you just put someone else.  do i have to block all of twitter but my watch list to get it to stop_  to advertisers, show up on my screen and get blocked.  wasted money.
i have been trying to get this to work for days. it doesn't work.i find twitter disappointing and dosn't work as advertised.
a little invasive on ads, but functional nonetheless.
yeah this is annoying. it didn't work then it worked last night and now it doesn't again. i am very frustrated with the unnecessary updates with twitter. i downloaded the plume app in place but that is giving me problems with ads. twitter doesn't run my life but it sure would be nice to actually see what my friends are up to. also i can't see who liked a tweet. only a dot shows up and no list. what is the problem_
was forced to download bcz of its ads
no ads, please.
decent app, works fine on my midrange smartphone but far too many ads appear in tl since the last update.
widget shows 10 ads in a row first so that's nice.. _
i like twitter but all the ads cant tell if they're real people posting or a robot posting very annoying....
to start, i can't upload pictures. it only shows a blank space and i can't edit them even if i press the pencil on the gallery.    also, if you ever read this, which i'm not that sure, i wish we could add a pic when we quote someone's tweet. and please bring the star back. and let us send all our drafts at once, that was something quite useful, not the advertising button
this new tweet update is not ok. i am a business man and i need to advertise my website and my goods daily. i cant wait for complete 24 hours before posting, because time is money. pls fix it.
i hate the ads of stuff i don't care about_ i hate the alerts of what others are tweeting_ and yeah_ what's with the heart_ i perfer the star_
the promoted tweets are too repetitive and distracting _auto_playing video ads, assuming a tap on ads when trying to scroll through your timeline_, and its hard to tell which 'stories' are paid ads. it's almost able to be an im chat client since the character cap is removed for direct _private_ messages. longer _regular_ tweets would make this even better.
there is someone who is putting ads on here about me and there not true_t who ever is doing this doesn't now me _t all and needs to stop saying lies about me.
could have less ads _
i don't use it as extensively as a lot of other users.  twitter is great for news, fantasy football, and shout outs.  i don't like that my widget is filled with ads when i first look at it, but hey, they gotta get paid somehow.
i use this app more as a news feed than a means to connect. that said it works as advertised, i have had no problems with twitter.
or whatever. im not a technical person. twitter itself used to be fun, but i must say, there is much to be desired overall. too many ads, click baits, bots. where are the people_
all social networking sites starts with the aim of making other people's lives better, but it all ends up with advertising nudity and stupidity growth, and we still follow
i only use twitter to follow some youtubers and hate trying to find them through all the random ads and unrelated posts from people i don't follow if this is addressed then five star for sure
hey rid of those ads.. it's becoming more _ more like facebook _ that's not a good thing
i'm pissed an organization like twitter is coming up with these. the fact that i comment severally here, tweet, send mails to support but nothing. but how fast y'all gon react when it comes to paying for adverts. app crashes so much, even on a high network coverage, the app seem too slow and consumes data a lot. since last 4 updates, twitter can no longer read system font but force you to use their default..so many craps put up at every new update that i can't possible affix here. total bullshit. _
waaaaay too many ads now. every other tweet is an ad. ridiculous.
no videos, pictures, avis, or ads are showing up for me. there are updates literally every other day and this has been like this for a month. i would give zero stars if i could. i've uninstalled, cleared data and restarted my phone and nothing helps.
the widget displays about 8_15 _promoted_ tweets before any actual followed tweets show up. i understand it's a business and businesses need to make money but geesus that is ridiculous. sometimes the widget doesn't even show tweets from people i follow because it is all ads.
i have gone through the settings countless times to disable all notifications that aren't mentions, direct messages, and new followers. however, i'm still getting annoying notifications unrelated to me, and it's also still vibrating, when i disabled that too. if you don't fix this, i will delete twitter until further noticed. there are too many ads and promos anyways.
fewer ads, more control over a couple of things and it would be a 5
seeing too many ads
it's getting progressively worse_  if i haven't checked twitter all day, when i finally get to it, my timeline jumps at least 12 hours and will not show any tweets within the time period it jumped.  significant increase in ads.   it needs to add the ability to quote your own tweets_      tweets load slowly. photos, videos and gifs still load slow regardless of connection speed.       develop some confidence twitter...i like _while you were away_...stop asking_ i just want to dismiss it when i'm finished with it.   put something in settings so people have the ability to turn it off if they please.
ads all over the feed. really annoying.
getting ridiculous with the ads and suggestions.
way too many ads on my timeline now
obviously, twitter is catering to big business advertisers _ marketers and is ignoring the wishes of the average users.
the twitter widget refuses to auto_update, and when you manually update, the first 10 entries are ads.
also browser seems to be very susceptible to pop_up ads
great app _ although ads are becoming more annoying... still, it's twitter_ what's not to love_
it had asked me to follow people out of my contacts, which is about 20 but i didn't scroll to the bottom thinking my contacts had multiple twitter accounts and it followed 100 random accounts_ i am constantly receiving ads through direct message and seeing ads from their pages in my feed. really_ what is wrong with twitter_ it used to be fun but all i see now is ads.
so many ads that keeps popping out in my timeline that i had to uninstall_ one ad every 3 tweets, seriously_
every other tweet seems to be an annoying ad with sound. this is more annoying than watching cable tv, and we all know how well cable tv is doing these days.
very good app because i enjoy twitter, sometimes buggy and slow but mostly when used with data. there is a lot of advertisement though, a must app for those who like to be connected with famous people and pop culture.
obnoxious amount of ads. every sixth tweet was an ad when i tried to use it.
i love twitter nice way to advertised  and best way to  reached customers. .........                we are specialist in all types of commercial refrigeration services.. in central london and with in m25...
too many ads and can't turn off notifications
base app works well but the widget always shows a bunch of ads before it shows tweets
the ads are intrusive, and some of the new features are more irritating than helpful, but it's the best overall twitter client since they started trying to shut out the others
too many advertisements and dead activity _fav _ follow from other users_ feed_ _'_
the notification bar on my phone is not for advertising. you have a whole timeline for that. have you no conception of how annoying it is to recieve a twitter alert only for it to be an advert for some irrelevant codswallop_ notify me of timeline activity, not the latest shoes.
soon...we can drop the app totally. it jumps so bad now. rarely get to read anything. advertisers...there's no way anyone is seeing your ads anymore. please...make this app worse. you are capable of doing that. it's on its way. c'mon, you can do it. new ceo, worse than ever
soon...we can drop the app totally. it jumps so bad now. rarely get to read anything. advertisers...there's no way anyone is seeing your ads anymore. please...make this app worse. you are capable of doing that. it's on its way. c'mon, you can do it. new ceo, worse than ever
this new twitter is soooo lame. nothing but promo ads on timelines_ get ride of them_ we don't careeee _
would give it 3.5 stars if i could. seems like every 10th entry in your feed is an ad but it's twitter so you deal with it
content not available most times i click_ and we do want to browse more than a days or in most cases a couple of hours tweets_  and where are the tweets of people i follow_  how can you insert ads into my tl but can't include the actual tweets from actual people i follow_ if you're using the pos fb algorithm stop_  whether i regularly interact with them or not doesn't mean i don't want to see their content_  that's why i follow them_  give more auth. tokens to the devs that do your job better than you_
for some reason my phone's auto space stops working when using this app. additionally i wish twitter as a whole would stop putting ads in my feed.
latest update is using system notifications to show adverts_ not alongside activity you care about, but pure advert as a notification.  i could find no settings to change this.  uninstalled.
on the galaxy s6 using swype, the auto_space feature only works 50_ of the time. auto_space works fine in every other app besides twitter. additionally, the new features like twitter ads, highlights, moments, etc, are completely useless and distracting with no way to disable them.
very nice app but sometimes its hanging and i hate advertising
soon...we can drop the app totally. it jumps so bad now. rarely get to read anything. advertisers...there's no way anyone is seeing your ads anymore. please...make this app worse. you are capable of doing that. it's on its way. c'mon, you can do it. maybe with the new ceo, they will finally fix this app.
soon...we can drop the app totally. it jumps so bad now. rarely get to read anything. advertisers...there's no way anyone is seeing your ads anymore. please...make this app worse. you are capable of doing that. it's on its way. c'mon, you can do it. maybe with the new ceo, they will finally fix this app.
efficient but touch is too sensitivd and ads show up too often on home screen
soon...we can drop the app totally. it jumps so bad now. rarely get to read anything. advertisers...there's no way anyone is seeing your ads anymore. please...make this app worse. you are capable of doing that. it's on its way. c'mon, you can do it.
soon...we can drop the app totally. it jumps so bad now. rarely get to read anything. advertisers...there's no way anyone is seeing your ads anymore. please...make this app worse. you are capable of doing that. it's on its way. c'mon, you can do it.
as a new small business it's a great way to advertise and interact with potential customers
pretty good, no real bad sides. ads bother me and that's the one star off.
room for improvements maybe less ads would be nice
i feel twitter is much better than facebook but however at times its annoying to see ads and promotions on my wall.
no ads, please.
soon...we can drop the app totally. it jumps so bad now. rarely get to read anything. advertisers...there's no way anyone is seeing your ads anymore. please...make this app worse. you are capable of doing that. it's on its way. c'mon, you can do it.
soon...we can drop the app totally. it jumps so bad now. rarely get to read anything. advertisers...there's no way anyone is seeing your ads anymore. please...make this app worse. you are capable of doing that. it's on its way. c'mon, you can do it.
don't like the unnecessary ads.
going to uninstall now. everytime advertise appears in updated version
everything is really good except for the fact there there's a lot of ads. besides that, it's perfect
freezes everytime i try to play a video that has an ad in it. after the ad would play, the app would freeze and not respond til it crashes.
sexual nudity is displayed alot. twitter team doe not help get rid of it nor allow you to delete it. so, is twitter encouraging the nudity_ twitter use to not advertise for sex. please clean the nudity up. my daughter can't get rid of someone having sex on her twitter. some wanted by the police is following her and she can't delete the person. twitter team will not respond. why is it you can't delete what you want to delete_
soon...we can drop the app totally. it jumps so bad now. rarely get to read anything. advertisers...there's no way anyone is seeing your ads anymore.
soon...we can drop the app totally. it jumps so bad now. rarely get to read anything. advertisers...there's no way anyone is seeing your ads anymore.
it would really help if you could let us edit our tweets instead of deleting the original tweet  just to fix it. the new twitter ads option is a huge bother at least let us choose if we want it or not.
my main way to connect to the world _ and rarely breaks down or gives me problems. ads are getting annoying though _ you're targeting isn't great
the home screen widget, which used to be great _better than facebook's_, has been destroyed by showing 20 ads before the first tweet and once you get there it's old tweets and it'll refresh and take you back to the ads before you can read more than a couple. now, i just installed the app on a new phone and it won't let me sign in, instead trying to force me to register a new account, but blocking me because phone_ and email are already on another account. wth twitter_ pull yourself together_
it's twitter. it's a hell of a lot easier using the app than the site on your phone. i hate some of the updates, the necessary evil of advertising and promotions i understand. but showing random stuff from someone you follow's favourites etc is too facebook and borderline stalkery. it took me a long time to adapt to the line system. i don't want _highlights_ or the fb style most popular at the top. do not screw up the real time time line, just don't do it.
i like the app but the notifications are annoying. i can turn them off of course but i only want to turn off the stupid adverts and paid notifications. no option for this of course...
i'm so damn love it, but too much advertising now. if there is an option to turn it off, it will be more nice
i uninstalled twitter, still ads pop up constantly and say they are from twitter and that i have an option to 'opt out'.. where_ i can't find that option anywhere_
love the app because its doesn't have banner or pop up ads, but why the size of the app so big when its just have a little customization and features. hope it will slim down to 10mb or same size more feature like black theme of picture size.
this app tries to handle so much and fails spectacularly, trying to search twitter is diabolical which rarely loads my search. although the twitter feed loads okay its filled with ads and gimmicks.
everything i update this app, it becomes more and more slow. i'm on an 16mbps link and it takes ages to load one post and i don't get to see any other posts from my homepage ad i get bored looking at the terrible response time.. needs to be fixed_
don't like update to many ads and is ruining my experience
ad's and it's not working. i deleted it and they still come up 24_7
soon...we can drop the app totally. it skips so bad now. rarely get to read anything. advertisers...there's no way anyone is seeing your ads anymore.
soon...we can drop the app totally. it skips so bad now. rarely get to read anything. advertisers...there's no way anyone is seeing your ads anymore.
you can tell they are struggling to monetize. more ads, more intrusion, less control, every update. but hey, thank god you can now use twitter as yet another low quality instant messaging app.
i don't mind ad tweets but showing 5 or 6 in a row is getting a bit ridiculous
highlights is intrusive and annoying, of course there is no way to turn it off_ cannot see tweets in order, constant ads and _what you missed_ makes it a huge pain to try to find a specific tweet.
just as i was getting used to tapping instinctively to complete a task, twitter have changed the layout _again_ _ and it's not made it better. now in order to access my drafts, i have to scroll up and down until the 'new tweet' pop up bar decides to appear, open a new tweet, and tap the icon in the corner. how annoying_ a fixed 'new tweet' button is great, why get rid of that_ the recommended users, recommended tweets, what you've missed, and adverts are annoying. i miss tweetdeck.
can't set notification ringtone,forced to the default one. would you solve this issue.  and now more ads is annoying.            galaxy s6 edge plus
day 1426_ i am beginning to suspect that twitter updates are to better enable advertisers.
soon...we can drop the app totally. it skips so bad now. rarely get to read anything. advertisers...there's no way anyone is seeing your ads anymore.
soon...we can drop the app totally. it skips so bad now. rarely get to read anything. advertisers...there's no way anyone is seeing your ads anymore.
ads. loading time. ads.
don't like the ads, otherwise okay
i'm pissed an organization like twitter is coming up with these. the fact that i comment severally here, tweet, send mails to support but nothing. but how fast y'all gon react when it comes to paying for adverts. app crashes so much, even on a high network coverage, the app seem too slow and consumes data a lot. since last 4 updates, twitter can no longer read system font but force you to use their default..so many craps put up at every new update that i can't possible affix here. total bullshit. _
updates sometimes revert back. intrusive ads disguised as tweets. 'recommended' accounts i don't care about. the app will randomly run itself in the background, and i'll only know because of a notification about some friends' activity totally unrelated to me. finally_ the what's new log has not been updated in _months._ you are supposed to tell us what you change. with the shady stuff this app does regularly, i've had it with installing mystery updates. respect your users, keep them informed.
cannot see tweets in order, constant ads and _what you missed_ makes it a huge pain to try to find a specific tweet.
the only tweets i can see in my widget on my samsung galaxy s5 are ads
app works great, however, somehow ads got turned on and would randomly pop ads up while using other apps and screwing up games i was playing. total bs, don't just turn on ads without warning
gets stuff done and seems faster and more lightweight to browse than on the computer. bugs on the app get fixed. instagram and imgur web links used to not open properly in the built_in twitter web app... now they do. minus a star for ads and random issues.
having a widget to quickly view tweets is defeated by it being overrun by ads from days, weeks, months ago that i have to sift through to see things that were tweeted an hour ago.
i used to wonder how twitter made its money since it's a free service with no ads. then i looked at the list of permissions required for the app. it's clearly a data aggregator. which can collect all manner of info about the user. guess i'll pass.
1 or 2 ads are fine, but timeline full of ads. sometimes there are more than 10 ads simultaneously, makes the widget completely useless.
im about to give 5 stars_ but i get irritated in advertisement showing in my timeline_
none of the videos on my timeline play. you sold out ads so now they're all i see on my timeline. this app is just really bad.
soon...we can drop the app totally. it skips so bad now. rarely get to read anything. advertisers...there's no way anyone is seeing your ads anymore.
soon...we can drop the app totally. it skips so bad now. rarely get to read anything. advertisers...there's no way anyone is seeing your ads anymore.
app always freezes up whenever i try to watch a video that has an ad. it'll preview the video when scrolling, load the ad, then freeze.
not updating. videos not working. widgets not very good especially with 'promoted' advertisements...err tweets. maybe i'll try installing again after the next update.
too many ads. like for every 4 tweets on my timeline there's an ad. it's stupid,  unnecessary and irrelevant
i hate the ads _ they keep increasing _ i stopped watching tv because of ads, now the internet is rapidly becoming as bad as tv _
please limit the ads or find a way to minimize the impact, other than that love twitter_
after i open a video that has an ad before it plays it freezes when the ad is over and won't let me watch the video. very annoying.
widget is now mostly ads, rendering it nearly useless.
remove ads please... very annoying...
so many ads i can't see the tweets from the people i follow
the app works well but i'm hating how often i get _promoted_ ads. another big issue is that the app will not auto sync. i set it up to sync every 10 min and since the last update it wont sync unless i open the app and manually cause it to sync. another problem is that my timeline will freeze up, as i look over what i missed it'll go from 2h ago to 8h. i follow enough accounts that i get plenty of tweets all hours of the day. fix the app and stop trying to be facebook_
the one thing i like about the twitter app is that when you start the app, it starts from where you left off. however, recently there has been an increase of 'junk' all over the homepage. some of these are ads, now, i don't mind ads, but the thing that really bothers me are the 'whilst you been away' popups. they completely mess up the chronology and appear anyway on the homepage. so please remove these particular popups.
soon...we can drop the app totally. it skips so bad now. rarely get to read anything. advertisers...there's no way anyone is seeing your ads anymore.
soon...we can drop the app totally. it skips so bad now. rarely get to read anything. advertisers...there's no way anyone is seeing your ads anymore.
constant crashes, takes ages to do a search then says no results, stupid ads, and a stupid dated ui... needs update.. badly
there are to much ads when i scroll down
what is even the point of the widget if it shows you ads a large majority of the time over tweets from people you follow_ each update makes the ads even more prominent_ now, the app won't show me tweets past 7 hours, it skips to 5 days ago for some reason after that_ just show me all the tweets_
my feed was filled with ads, promoted tweets,  and posts from people i don't follow.  junk.  uninstalled.
the widget window always has the first 5 or so tweets displaying promoted ads rather than the latest tweets, effectively making the widget an ad banner. please fix
incredibly slow on all aspects. from videos to search suggestions when typing or trends, a lot simply just doesn't work. the feed never keeps up to date, it's better to manually refresh it. notifications are 50_50, on wifi so no reason they shouldn't pop. the app is also horribly infested with spam _promoted_ accounts. i'd rather see an ad on the side than some phony worthless ad tweet trying to appeal by appearing as normal. block every single one. it's no longer 1950's radio, morons. the box when writing in a tweet that use to drop down with suggestions for users and hash tags has also disappeared a few updates ago. win10 version is even worse, bare as the first google page, while ios version atleast gets regular attention. do yourself a favor, ditch the app and just load it in your browser.
way too many ads way too often, it's always the same two irrelevant ads. i want to see my friends tweets not an ad for a car renting agency.
kind of annoying the widget is always filled with promoted ads and only a few tweets.
completely buries everything in your feed under poorly disguised advertising. whatever dense rube designed this should consider retirement because they clearly can't comprehend the market.
too many ads, recommended posts, favs from other people, or tweets from people i follow. would be nice if i could have more control over what shows up in my timeline, like before. needs synced notifications_ an actual changelogs that describe what's changing would be nice
it's okay but as far as exploring for new accounts to follow and the flow of advertisments i definitely think it needs to improve and us android users want to upload videos too_ i can film videos but ones in my gallery are a no no apparently
i do not have this app. i have been getting ads for over a week. i found out that twitter has been sending these ads. has anyone else came into this dilemma_ the videos play even when i'm on the phone.
ads everywhere
there are more and more ads on twitter now. oh well
soon...we can drop the app totally. it skips so bad now. rarely get to read anything. advertisers...there's no way anyone is seeing your ads anymore.
soon...we can drop the app totally. it skips so bad now. rarely get to read anything. advertisers...there's no way anyone is seeing your ads anymore.
always random and useless notification, it is like getting a pop up ad for something you already have. makes me want to use this application less.
i reccomend others to use this app bcoz there's no ads disturbance
doesn't save list position. will refresh on its own. can't scroll past a certain point_ i like catching up on my timeline. one account will allow me to quote tweet _rt without using up characters_ and another account will cut and paste into the 140. now offers ads and suggested apps. no thank you. surprisingly buggy and disappointing.
plz fix the lag,bugs,glitches, ad more features like the pc and idk what iphone has cause i don't got iphone ty plz.
over time, ads and notifications have become noisier visually and interruptive. also, notification settings don't sync across installs it devices. could be better.
just not as functional as i would like facebook is easier to navigate..  i do like that there is less bs and advertising than on facebook
soon...we can drop the app totally. it skips so bad now. rarely get to read anything. advertisers...there's no way anyone is seeing your ads anymore.
soon...we can drop the app totally. it skips so bad now. rarely get to read anything. advertisers...there's no way anyone is seeing your ads anymore.
i deleted for a while but now i want to make accoubt but. they need. my number ad it wont let me make a account because they said it was already made
it's a good app, but i'm tired of me followers advertising me
like i need a stupid twitter ads option. everyone's default ad option is no ads.
so many ads but it's still a good app
app works great as advertised
take out those irrelevant ads
i can't find my drafts folder.._ what the hell have you guys done.._ i had 50_ tweets in it.._ the whole option is gone instead of it i have 'twitter ads' there.._ fix the damn issue.._
widget shows almost all ads. for large widget that shows two tweets they're always ads. for small widget that shows one tweet it's always an ad. no wonder people use other apps and this company can't turn a meaningful profit. poor form.
overall i like the app, but i can not give it a high rating until some of the issues are dealt with.  you figure with the amount of times this app is updated most of these issues would be fixed.  the first issue iam having are the insane amount ads that appear in my feed.  i do not want to see tweets for businesses that i am not following.  the 2nd one is on my samsung galaxy s6 the ringtone automatically switches to default.
large font format is messed up with ad cards.. fire those who aren't detail oriented_ _beanal
remove ads
it's a good app, and it works well. the adverts can get annoying, but other than that i think it's a good one
they don't have hardly any birds in this app. as an avid bird watcher, this apps picture implies you would expect to at least see a swallow or a blue jay. i don't know exactly what a jay_z is but i'm thoroughly disgusted in this apps false advertising.
its really nice no bugs no errors and no pops up just advertisments but they don't bug me
it skips so bad now. rarely get to read anything. advertisers...there's no way anyone is seeing your ads anymore.
it skips so bad now. rarely get to read anything. advertisers...there's no way anyone is seeing your ads anymore.
could have been perfect except for ads
it's been crashing for over a week. might be a note 3 thing.  but still no updates. i've been using another app... and it doesn't have all the annoying ads cluttering my timeline _tweetcast_.  so...
i don't like their intrusive ads.
this app is very simple and easy to use. plus ads rarely show up. 5 stars
as if ads arent annoying, now they are even bigger.
works as advertised
works as advertised. always has. thanks, twitter_
i used to be able to easily see trends and access a whole range of tweets across three different tabs. now i can barely see three tweets at a time and the trends are practically invisible and stuffed with ads. who is making these awful changes_ i guess i'll be using twitter less.
no ads, non_confusing, works perfectly_
too many ads
it's really annoying to see so many ads at the top. it doesn't update on background...
all i ever see on the widget are ads nowadays.  it temps me to quit twitter.
its a great app just to talkk or advertise and anything like that its a great app 10_10
i love the app. but for the past month or two, the widget is full of ads. can i please see my feed on the widget_
stop sending me to the top of the home feed_ scrolling is not smooth. video autoplay turned back on by itself, 'cause twitter gotta make money with video ads impressions right_ fuck the user_
it skips so bad now. rarely get to read anything. advertisers...there's no way anyone is seeing your ads anymore.
it skips so bad now. rarely get to read anything. advertisers...there's no way anyone is seeing your ads anymore.
where are the trends_ too many advertisements. dont like new updates and probably wont use twitter as much.
i can read _ see things i like instead of hearing complaining most of the time and so many ads _ things i don't care for.
lots of people i know are finding twitter is loosing tweets and not updating their timeline properly. can't you guys fix it_ ever since the new advertising was included, twitter has been next to useless. i miss most of the tweets from people i follow, even after using your recommended fix... and a clean install still doesn't work. checked other peoples phones to find the same thing_.  hopeless twitter, hopeless_  fix it. it's been like this for months now.
i keep getting ads even when i'm not on it
the app works fine. if i could add a feature it would be an easy way to know within the app who unfollowed me_who's not following, oh and remove the ad's...
i don't mind ad tweets but showing 5 or 6 in a row is getting a bit ridiculous
will be better if we could tailor the ads to our liking, been finding scams for some time now
it skips so bad now. rarely get to read anything. advertisers...there's no way anyone is seeing your ads anymore.
it skips so bad now. rarely get to read anything. advertisers...there's no way anyone is seeing your ads anymore.
the app used to be good but now it's full of ads and you can't put notifications on cause it just says 'enabling' forever until you eventually give up and quit. sort it out
i have to scroll through 10 ads before i even see a tweet from someone i follow. and i can't make the ads go away. enough with this garbage.
i can't find my drafts folder.._ what the hell have you guys done.._ i had 50_ tweets in it.._ the whole option is gone instead of it i have 'twitter ads' there.._ fix the damn issue.._
the app works great for me. easy to navigate. there are advertising tweets but it's a business so comes with the territory. some of the bigger orgs _reuters, the onion_ keep retweeting the same thing. that's not the apps issue. just a heads up on who to follow.
reporting is still a joke. app randomly loses 12 hours' worth of tweets in the tl. my tl used to go back multiple days, now it only goes back 13 hours _ and i'm following fewer than 500 people. do you not want me looking at your website_app_ there's no excuse for this trash service, especially considering how many ads you shoehorn into the tl.
app is great advertisements are annoying however thats just a product of our capitalist fuelled society.
in recent months the widget is all paid content. have to scroll down to see any tweets from people i actually follow. basically a permanent ad panel on my home screen, which i'm getting sick of. full app is fine, with a reasonable balance of paid and followed tweeters.
would prefer fewer ads.
i hate the ads that come all the time but its dose it job its ok
widget shows 10 ads in a row first so that's nice.. _
latest update sucks_ it keeps refreshing me back to the top, i'm not seeing all my followers tweets _ i don't want ads on my timeline_
but lots of ads and annoying features like while you were away that can't be dismissed permanently. sometimes jumps back to top when browsing tweets on the time line.
play every day advertising is not much but the old ones to see that this is not seen him much.
the myriad ads this spews has a tendency to block out the tweets you're trying to read. it's a pretty mediocre user experience anyhow. at least it's not as offensive as google's advertising of puppy livers and scientology, but it's still so thoroughly irrelevant to me that i'd rather just access a cleaner twitter through an adblocking browser.
the myriad ads this spews has a tendency to block out the tweets you're trying to read. it's a pretty mediocre user experience anyhow. at least it's not as offensive as google's advertising of puppy livers and scientology, but it's still so thoroughly irrelevant to me that i'd rather just access a cleaner twitter through an adblocking browser.
twitter asked me to change my password. and i changed it. and i cant tweet at all. what i can do is read the tl only. i cant tweet, i cant retweet and favourite. pls. fix it as soon ad possible. _
the app works well but i'm hating how often i get _promoted_ ads. another big issue is that the app will not auto sync. i set it up to sync every 10 min and since the last update it wont sync unless i open the app and manually cause it to sync. another problem is that my timeline will freeze up, as i look over what i missed it'll go from 2h ago to 8h. i follow enough accounts that i get plenty of tweets all hours of the day. fix the app and stop trying to be facebook_
i love used twitter before. but since my following account just twit an advert, makes me hate it so much_
widget does not update unless clicked. current 4x2 widget limited to 20 tweets, 10 of which _1_8 and 19_20_ are random ads. these make it too difficult for me to enjoy twitter right now.
oh how awesome those days when there were no ads or sponsored tweets. now i get a lot of these and most i don't even care for.
other than the fact that it has a word limit and lots of ads. it is a great social network.
between a lack of configurable settings for most options save notifications and update interval and the hidden load activity on any non_timeline view, it's a challenge to tell if the network is slow, the app has hung, or twitter fail_whale'd.  and that's when it feels like playing along.  otherwise an alright app with too many unnecessary _features_ _like adding contacts by email or managing ad revenue_.
it seems like the simplest social network becomes more and more complicated every day. i hate the _while you were away_ thing and ads that keep showing up and how confusing the ui is. there should not be a learning curve to use this app compared to using the web version or the ios version, but there is. make the _while you were away_ opt_outable and make ads actually go away forever when we say we don't like them or that they appear to often. make the ui of all official clients as identical as possible, pls
they just keep making this worse. hopefully we will get another update and make it even worse. can't wait. yep...even worse. you would think that a public company would hire the right people to fix this app. no wonder they are losing people. i feel bad for the advertisers. the way this is working, everyone misses the ads.
they just keep making this worse. hopefully we will get another update and make it even worse. can't wait. yep...even worse. you would think that a public company would hire the right people to fix this app. no wonder they are losing people. i feel bad for the advertisers. the way this is working, everyone misses the ads.
after last couple updates the ads have gotten out of control. can't scroll through 10 tweets without seeing a stupid ad i have too dismiss.
ads everywhere mixed in with tweets.   doesn't load new tweets very quickly.
it was a great app, simple and minimal advertising, but now it's a mess, what i really find the most annoying is the fact i get twitter notifications about instagram_ no one cares about the notification on how many people i follow that favorite someones tweet, its ridiculous cause i cant get rid of it
the widget doesn't update on its own and always displays stale ads in the visible window.   worthless.
used to be good apps... damn many advertisement now
good stuff. .less ads would be nice but whatever
any reason why i have to watch every video that is posted on my time line_even the sh_t adverts that i always say i don't like_, clogging up my tablet usage, not long off uninstalling......
good never have a problem but a.lot of ads when i refresh
the widget on the desktop doesn't display tweets of those i follow, just highlights, which seem like ads to me.
they just keep making this worse. hopefully we will get another update and make it even worse. can't wait. yep...even worse. you would think that a public company would hire the right people to fix this app. no wonder they are losing people. i feel bad for the advertisers. the way this is working, everyone misses the ads.
they just keep making this worse. hopefully we will get another update and make it even worse. can't wait. yep...even worse. you would think that a public company would hire the right people to fix this app. no wonder they are losing people. i feel bad for the advertisers. the way this is working, everyone misses the ads.
if the ads are the must, please keep it moderate. it's starting to annoy me.
ground hog day no mention of what bug fixes and too many ads in stream
gives me the ability to reach thousands of people to advertise my company... can't get better then that not to mention i've met a lot of great people along the way.
but pretty good. don't love all the ads, or having to go to the web client to adjust some settings.
very good app, i find it easy to use. however they show too many unneeded adverts. but good app_
i installed this just to see what the _official_ app was like. if you guys _dev's_ can't contrive a better user experience than this by yourselves, the least you could do is mimic the competition, i.e., plume, uber, tweetcaster, etc. this _effort_ seems to be the result of an _it's free, so take it or leave it_ attitude. stop trying to monetize via ads that just tick people off, and write a decent app to sell. leave this garbage to the freeloaders. obviously no capitalist principles at work, here.
feel annoyed about the ads tweet keep appearing after close it
ranting again. what else is new_  i hope you're proud about how much your notification system sucks. it has always been my problem ever since you had your 'favorite person' feature and up until now it is still one of my major problems. i don't mind the ads but will you please fix this_ i would very much appreciate if you can make this app work properly.
would have given a five if not for the irrelevant advertising.
why does the home, discover and activity line keep disappearing_ have to go to settings every time to clear data to reintroduce.repeat ad nauseum.nearly done with this bs
1st app that works great without ad.... now twitter becomes better.
this app is great for news flashes...it is very light and does not stress th device memory. it does not have too many distructing ads....
good enough. but there is something that annoys me. the advertisement tweets. but overall it is good
brings me to the top of the feed when i haven't finished reading previous tweets too often, so i imported the people i follow into an rss reader and it's much easier. also too many ads.
easy to use, clean application but has way too many ads
cant see the people i know just ads and stories...,,weird bullshit
does what it says. constant advertising of _game of war_ despite me dismissing it several times quite annnoying but there we are.
ads every second tweet
it's a good thing there are third party twitter apps, because the official one may as well be an advertisement for not using twitter.
first over half my feed are ads... and the widget never refreshes, so i get to stare at the same ads all day. stop worrying about your stock price and just show me what i have chosen to view and follow.
until you see one of those ads. luckily you can close them or block them
many ads appearing nowadays are annoying
the widget exclusively features ads on the first page, which sometimes are weeks old _ which makes it useless to follow up to date information.
the ads are rather obtrusive.
been using the app for some time now. keeps me hooked. though disturbing thing lately is that the ad pics are loaded first and then tweet pics take forever to load. please do something.
cud be better. spend ad money wisely.
the app is quite bad and even worse when it tries to select what to read but even more awful with ads.
used to be the app i use the most, however, as of late i'm using it less and less, just too many ads. most times i can't tell the difference between an ad and a tweet.
suddenly pictures in adverts move. this is so annoying i may leave twitter entirely. how can i disable this intrusive invasive rubbish_
the amount of ads and promotions is a bit ridiculous. i also don't like that whenever i block someone that they can still come to my page and it tells them that i blocked them. lastly, it picks and chooses what tweets it thinks you want to see instead of actually just letting me see everyrhing that had been tweeted on my timeline.
wayyy too many ads. chill
a bit laggy, and too many ads on the screen at once
top 12 tweets on widget are just adverts. shame because twitter is great otherwise.
a lot of unnecessary updates. like the fact that the ads now move. i hate that. it hurts my eyes.
i cannot view the twitter ad companion on my nexus 5. please help me resolve this asap.
not much to say it's a good app. possibly less ads would be nice.
i get way too many _advertisements_ or push thru tweets _ most all of them are trashy and inappropriate. i block them but they still push thru_, i rarely get favorited or retweets, _ there are just too many tweets to even be able to keep up to date. i'm finding it more of a hassle than anything...might just shut it off and uninstall.
so now i need to see ads of who i follow follows_
what is even the point of the widget if it shows you ads a large majority of the time over tweets from people you follow_ each update makes the ads even more prominent_
get to see my favorite you tubers and famous ppl tweet daily. not to mention i can advertise my own content so it's a great thing to have,  even if it's only to just share what you're doing in your  life lol
too many ads. like for every 4 tweets on my timeline there's an ad. it's stupid,  unnecessary and irrelevant
don't update to the latest twitter, every few tweets are now adverts_
i'll about to give 5 stars_ but i get irritated in advertisement showing in my timeline_
the app itself  works but, why is it that all the widget's tweets are 90_ advertisements instead of the people  i'm following_
of the 19 tweets fetched and displayed by the widget, the 11 most recent are sponsored tweets. the next 4 are followed by actual tweets from my timeline, then another 4 sponsored ones. that's as far back as it goes. 79_ advertising is abysmal.
i surely don't need an ad every time i refresh my feed
i understand the need for revenue via advertisement tweets, but forcing them into the widget is not something i'm willing to accept.  i'll be looking for an alternative.
what the heck is this_ photos won't load_ sometimes it takes too much time to load. and can't watch the videos_ i know i am not the only one who is having an issue like this_ many people complaining about this_ twitter is the only app that i could update my fave boy band specially their fresh pictures of them. and now i am really pissed_ i lost bunch of followers bc didn't update tweets on my acc. ofc i wouldn't tweet some stuffs bc photos and videos doesn't show up ad that disappoints me so damn much.
what can i say_ it's twitter in my phone. the only issue i have is being given ads and that have very little to do with my interests. if there are going to be promotional ads at least have them be relative to my feed
ads everywhere
the app works fine_ the widget displays 99.9_ adverts. _
the app is decent at best, basically a visual clusterf_ of info, each tweet barely discernible from the next. the worst part is the widget though. it will have 10_15 ads as the _top tweets_ and they won't even be relevant to what you are interested in or who you follow.
_highlights_ is annoying and makes twitter look like it has a hardcore media bias for selecting articles, trends is in a stupid spot, ads are annoying, and the app is super data_hungry even with light usage.
since the last update, all that the widget displays are ads and no longer shows current_newest feed. stay the hell away from.
i will only give 5 stars if you rid the 'find people' and 'twitter ads' column on the 3 dot sections and why i don't get any notifications when someone tweeted. pls fixed this thank you.
come on twitter. you are better than this_ stop putting so much ads _ you don' need this_
twitter used to be an awesome app. but not anymore. you can tell the company is becoming greedy and they throw ads all over my time line now and show me tweets from accounts i don't even follow. i should atleast be able to opt out of them, but that's not even an option. you're forced to look at whatever account pays the money lol. pathetic
the app no longer syncs when scheduled to do so. the widget no longer updates_refreshes and all i see in it are promoted tweets. essentially the widget is now simply adverts on my home screen. if this does not change soon i will find a third party app to use.
this app is infested with so many ads now i'm like on the point of deleting twitter. it's no wonder twitter has been on a decline. plus the favorites don't show up. over this.
easy to use most of the timebut not impressed with all the advertising_
the widget used to be nice and show your friends content. now it shows more than half of the stream as ads. it's complete crap.
would be great if you could remove or keep promoted tweets and ads to the minimum, too many adds too irritating
friends_ who wants to earn from your phone, tablet or p.k.dlya you young but rapidly gaining popularity project global _mobayl hereunder work_ get advertising to close it and the euro gets all works without deception. self employed and receive. in general download software when registering on the top line is prefilled je15nya70 who recommend not have to be your e_mail to which the link will go to her. and you will get a good team that has already earned. golden mountains of course do not promise but to be on_active it is possible to earn not bad good luck and optimism _
the first 10 tweets in the widget are ads.  every time i look at it, i only see advertisements.  i've removed the widget now as it's no longer useful to me.
the first 10 tweets in the widget are ads.  every time i look at it, i only see advertisements.  i've removed the widget now as it's no longer useful to me.
earn lying on the couch_ drill application globe mobile phone or pc_ when registration is required to write priglasivshego_ privet84 login thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. money displays without any problems_ the app is great _
there is an excellent application _globe mobile_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive advertising banner that appears when you unlock eran on your phone or pc, see 1 sec. becoming like and get more money_ currency in euros_ when become lead _olegon74_ and start earning_
i hate the ads _ they keep increasing _ i stopped watching tv because of ads, now the internet is rapidly becoming as bad as tv _
the reason, if you add jet anyone inform me written ,, you can not follow this offline user, try again, too bad, no matter how i try to add ad _
the latest version inserts ads at least once per 'page'. very intrusive.
dont reall see any thang but ads of fake people
allow people to delete more than 1 dm at a time_ also, you never specify what the update does_ also, can you add an _edit tweet_ feature please_ and stop shoving twitter ads in my face i don't want to join, adding it to my profile it just annoying.
you have done the melih g_k_eg has a massive advertising
advertarr _ yctanavlivay only chepez it _ polychay dengi for esch yctanovlennoe ppilozhenie if it ystanovish chepez advertarr, checked_
i loved twitter since the first time. but now, it so boring. too many ads. promoted stuff. its good when the promotion stuff promoting good items. but its just promoting girls, sex, stuff for the perverts_
has many good features. a few glitches though and the ads are way too big, taking up half my feed.
much advertising and a lot of news if you want to see come in here and tals this is getting boring_
official twitter is the best, push notif, editable retweet and most important _almost_ no ads _  well, that's several weeks ago. i updated this three days ago then two days ago and today i got another notif to update again_ wtf_ btw, sometimes i open twitter on client from my internet browser, the new format of quoted tweet doesn't mention my username, so i don't know someone respond my twets, is this what you want, force me to use your lame official twitter app_
there is too much advertising.
i recommend download globe mobile, passive earnings on viewing advertising that appears when unlocking the screen, and in the registration point invited elena0806, as well as applications that pay for the installation of other applications_ advertapp with the bonus code 4x2tu appcoins and with the bonus code sdtc. the best applications for earnings.
former s much better than i was gerizelaki advertising we would put you into a rat.
i don't like scrolling through and seeing an ad after about 5_10 tweets or seeing 3 in a row. it's really annoying. also, please stop suggesting apps. thanks.
ads in twitter. and suggested tweets. and now, highlights_
imposed advertising, diluted in the information, very unpleasant.
i've been using third party twitter apps for years, thought i'd give the official one a go. i want to like it, i really do, i can even put up with the ads,  but i spend too long trying to find where i last read after it jumps to new tweets, or i get huge gaps in my timeline. if twitter themselves can't get this basic stuff working maybe you should stop restricting other apps which do a better job
check declare english and my displays greek why _ 140 characters have been compared with the advertising, big handicap, gets the package in plenary facebook ..
too many ads that aren't relevant to the user
another update and the refreshing problem on the feed came back just when it fixed itself. the page is completely blank. i cannot see no tweets anymore. i get this message every time i try to refresh the page. 'cannot retrieve tweets at this time. please try again later.' please fix this with another update. i need this app. the notifications and messages are all fine.  it's just the home page there's a problem and it's only one one of my accounts that i use the most. my others refresh the feed fine. please fix this.  when i go on menu,  it shows 'twitter ads' which it doesn't show on my other accounts. get rid of this option so i can use my account normally without a  problem otherwise, i'll be forced to delete it.
ubiquitous advertising zdupcy_y the good image of the application.
too many updates.  sometimes twice a week.  can you not code properly. if its full of bugs don't release it.  sloppy sloppy.  or is it to gain advertising revenue_
and the same_ apparently under the guise of, advertising stuffed_ updates so there are none
cannot see posted pics or avatars after most recent update. ads are all still working just fine though...imagine that_ please fix_
the app is good, but the widget is just displaying ads.
cricket, videos, ads... they keep adding  cr_p but a dark theme_ no no.  that's too much and too difficult...making the user experience worse, you're excellent at. the rest_ not so much.
please add the ad or literally translates dc also get involved_
too much ads and it makes me very annoyed, i understand you need to gain money but can you please make ads less a bit because i am feel offended by that, thank you. and now i can not update app because it tell me _package is invalid_, what happen_
i install it invalid error log file so your ad ... dum review
a lot of advertising and broadcast accounts on which i did not sign
pls dont show ads
not very user friendly interface upd_ interface updated and it is now much better, but the amount of advertising _ the darkness.
ok seriously, what's with the flooding of my feed, including widget feed, with ads i don't care about. when i allow it to customize results, it still doesn't give interesting ads.
why not login_ i spent a pile of mb to be something here_ why bother _error log_ _ ad quick fix soon_
the ads are taking over. apparently, so much so that support can't even be bothered to respond to any requests for support. twitter used to be great. this company is ruining the entire twitter experience and as one of the first users, i'm extremely disappointed in the direction twitter is going. ignoring long time users issues is inexcusable.
the app is good, so far. no errors yet. _twitter_ itself is a fun place to be on. interesting people _ ad's, plus it's like a mobile museum, i get to enjoy viewing awesome artwork from people allover the world. _
i actually enjoy facebooks app over this one. constantly bombarded with ads cluttering up my tweet feed. scrolling is not smooth as a result, also some of the people i follow are not showing up. tweet feed is being cut off way too soon. need a way to help deal with people who send a ton of tweets. why couldn't you guys leave things alone. i miss the twitter app from a year ago. now the back button takes me all the way back to the feed. very annoying when trying to follow someone, but forget who they were.
in one widget from twitter advertising. to use the widget does not make sense
i like the whole while you are gone thing, but now whenever i don't use the app for an extended amount of time_3 to 5 hours_, the app doesn't show me any tweets between that time. after clicking show all tweets it will show me a tweet from 1 hour ago up until present time, but when i go down to see what i miss i will get 1 to 3 ads back to back depending how long the wait is, then will show the tweets from the last time i was on. my current feed after waking up goes '10 hours ago' 'ad ad ad' 51 minutes ago'
you will see ads easier then genuine tweets
i run a blog, so twitter helps me advertise my newest post. it's also helped me meet loads of new people_ i have no issues with the app, and fully recommend it.
i like taking quick look at tweets through the widget but lately all it shows are only ads.  no actual tweets are shown.
sometimes confusing, too many forced advertisements, supposed to be my unique feed and experience and i'm constantly bombarded with promotional tweets.
every other tweet seems to be an advert and it is incredibly annoying.
quick earnings in euros _ subscribe to globe mobayl.pri registration enter the username _snezhka_. view ads when you unlock your smartphone or pc, get your referrals and create your team. good luck to all _friends.
first 14 tweets on widget are ads, saying promoted by _app or company name_.  this makes the widget nearly useless.  wasn't like this before.
get rid of the little follow button at the bottom corner, advertised tweets are annoying, need better block and report options. oh, and it closes out entirely too much on my note 3. these unnecessary updates are making the app ugly.
3 star because of ads
the widget no longer updates_refreshes and all i see in it are promoted tweets. the widget is now simply adverts on my home screen.
since two updates ago, widget won't refresh. has about 6 sponsored ads before i can see the feed. used to be great, now it's garbage. uninstalling.
my entire feed widget is junk. all it displays anymore are ads and never updates my feed...
i would like to see the ads disappear.....they are not needed.
i love twitter, but since the last update there have been too many ads. i understand that there need to be some, but i have an ad every 5_10 tweets. getting ready to uninstall the last update.
why is _my_ widget, on _my_ screen loaded with sponsored ads i have to  scroll past to get to a few tweets_ this is why i hate your app and would rather use an alternate twitter app. facebook isn't even as aggressive with sponsored crap. shame on you.
twitter great like always. but please minimize those ads. i see them everyday it keeps appearing t_t
i have a a problem with the twitter app. it won't let me follow anyone and i can't comment or twiit anything its been happening for a while now which is why i no longer use twitter ad my go to app. please help
my time line goes from 2hrs ago to 23hrs ago but has the space go fit in 3 ads i can't see why i should even use this app
why just record an error is logged so ad _
needs more themes, or any themes. the ability to turn off _while you were away_ would be great. live streaming over wi_fi would be great too. app is far too featureless. ads inserted also are aggravating.
it's a great social media app, but there are way too many ads.
i tried the 2 different methods of removing email notifications, but neither will work. is it impossible now_thanks for not answering. and the ads suck. close to uninstalling.
for real now guys. you're ruining this app. can only see a limited number of _re_tweets on profiles and timelines. the compose tweet button was microscopic for the longest time. i can't see what people are favoriting. my notifications don't even show up anymore. way too many ads. just stop trying to fix shat isn't broken. you're only breaking it. and now this new _button layout_ are you guys serious_
don't need u to tell me what i need to see or hear about. the ads are annoying
cricket, videos, ads... they keep adding  cr_p but a dark theme_ no no.  that's too much and too difficult...making the user experience worse, you're excellent at. the rest_ not so much.
i thought you could find single women here and here konde a date for sex or something or a relationship. and no dumb shit advertising zooi where i am waiting for.
for real now guys. you're ruining this app. can only see a limited number of _re_tweets on profiles and timelines. the compose tweet button was microscopic for the longest time. i can't see what people are favoriting. my notifications don't even show up anymore. way too many ads. just stop trying to fix shat isn't broken. you're only breaking it.
the board is unfortunately unnecessarily permanently littered with tons of advertising. the menus are sorted partially confusing and illogical
the amount of ads on this app are ridiculous . apparently this multi multi_billion_dollar corporation needs couple more ad clicks, at the sake if your satisfaction.
the widget doesn't automatically update anymore and when i manually do it, my feed is filled with ads.
just to many ads
hate the ads
need to block advertising accounts
ads are now displayed at least every 10 tweets. its like a version of hell that's a huge version of times square where you have to helplessly search for your friend's tweets between the billions of billboards. _here's what you missed_ feature is a joke, i usually end up scrolling to the featured tweets anyways. kind of makes me realize i have too much time on my hands, and really that's the last thing i want to be reminded of that when i'm using twitter.
i agree ads are too bright. and too big. i would really like to be able to edit mytweet, there are times auto correct changes something as i hit send.
the ads are too much
too much ads
i love twitter. very entertaining. but way too many ads on the timeline. and sometimes they're so repetitive. also, i hate that it makes me follow people without manually doing so. but i do love the new rt thing and the while you were were away does nothing for me.
i like twitter. i get some ads but not to many
so recently my widget is just basically ads and no tweets. wth_
phone decided to update twitter, now the cool, new quote tweet feature is gone_ that was the best thing to happen to twitter ever and now it's just no more. don't even have the option to quote tweets anymore. and the ads are getting out of control. i get maybe 15 tweets in the widget, the first 10 of which are promoted. seriously. this is not an exaggeration. i want to see content i care about, not random ads.
the widget only shows ads now.
the app works well but i'm hating how often i get _promoted_ ads. another big issue is that the app will not auto sync. i set it up to sync every 10 min and since the last update it wont sync unless i open the app and manually cause it to sync. another problem is that my timeline will freeze up, as i look over what i missed it'll go from 2h ago to 8h. i follow enough accounts that i get plenty of tweets all hours of the day. fix the app and stop trying to be facebook_
i dont like the new update bc its facebook_ish. too much ads. and buggy. i want the format which is the tweet sign is above my keyboard and when i scroll down i can see what my friend_co_user said.and whenever i put emojis in my bio then i will save it then the emojis will disappear. and i wish you guys will fix this. bc my profile format sucks. and i have another account logged in too. then when i use my  other account. the format of my timeline is different from the format of my main account.
i dont like the new update bc its facebook_ish. too much ads. and buggy. i want the format which is the tweet sign is above my keyboard and when i scroll down i can see what my friend_co_user said.and whenever i put emojis in my bio then i will save it then the emojis will disappear. and i wish you guys will fix this. bc my profile format sucks
the stability is great with the new update . only there is one problem and its that too many unecessary  ads
everything is cool except for unwanted ads
all i see in the widget are ads, ads and more ads... uninstalling
turned on automatically again after update_ annoyingly intrusive. shouldn't it be opt_in, otherwise off_ marketing ads will kill twitter platform and see users fleeing.
to many ads
with the latest updates, i no longer see my feed in the widget.  all the tweets are advertisements.  this defeats any purpose for using twitter or the app.  i was fine with occasional ads.  i know it keeps things free.  but, the ads have completely run out the content.
with the latest updates, i no longer see my feed in the widget.  all the tweets are advertisements.  this defeats any purpose for using twitter or the app.  i was fine with occasional ads.  i know it keeps things free.  but, the ads have completely run out the content.
too much advertisements. special offers with twitter. you get updates twice a day. please rename this application to updates
phone decided to update twitter, now the cool, new quote tweet feature is gone_ that was the best thing to happen to twitter ever and now it's just no more_ and the ads are getting out of control. i get maybe 15 tweets in the widget, the first 10 of which are promoted. seriously. this is not an exaggeration. i want to see content i care about, not random ads.
i particularly like the 'quote tweet' function. could do without ads _ 'while you were away'.
too many ads
thanks for the ads
6_11 update_ sinking to one star. problems not fixed, even with yesterday's update. previous review_ since the last update _or two_, widget shows me 10 sponsored tweets before i can get to the content i want. very few of the ads relate to my interests. when i get to my content, the tweets are at least a half day old. i have to open the app to see the latest. royal pita.
i mean reallly.... nuf said.... wait... 20 ads to 1 post..... im serius
i don't like there are too much ads and highlights. also it always show my tweets and retweets from days ago and i have to scroll too much to get to recent updates. and please stop automatic scroll to the most recent tweets_
remove the ads they're annoying
the widget only shows ads and it only changes after i view the tweet.
lots of ads f u
great i had no probs,ads or lags its fast and cool thanks twitter,my handset is a xiaomi redmi 1s
too much advertisement
too much ads, but i love twitter. _
it turns into facebook. ads are increasing and my timeline is showing my own tweets, retweets and favorites. i also don't get any notifications anymore and pictures are not loading. please fix this as soon as possible_
hate the ads _ they keep increasing _ i stopped watching tv because of ads, now the internet is rapidly becoming as bad as tv _
i don't mind ad tweets but showing 5 or 6 in a row is getting a bit ridiculous
the new hightlights feature is too similiar to facebook's edgerank algorithm, only showing curated tweets. don't want a filter bubble on twitter. the ads are increasing. no thanks. oh, and bring back the old search. the new search has too much visual content. it's an overload on the senses.
my first 5 widget tweets are ads at all times, regardless of _post time_.
ads in twitter. and suggested tweets. and now, highlights_
when refreshing it jumps to the latest tweet instead of staying where you last left it, having to read everything in reverse chronological order is stupid, plus the fact you open the app and are reading something and suddenly updates and you lose what you were reading . new update made this app even worse. twitter is awful and still they make it worse, they obviously don't listen to nor care about their users. adverts and suggested apps now appear more than actual tweets do. the worst app and company
i used to love twitter more than facebook.  but in the past few months i've changed my mind. i hate that my time line refreshes automatically after reading a tweet. i'd rather do it myself please. and also i'm seeing ads or posts that i _might like_. it's a waste of space. my time line is just bloated with stuff that is not relevant to me. please ask us first if we'd like to see it or give us the option to turn off ads and tweets from people we don't follow. thanks.
my timeline is flooded with promoted tweets now. every 5th tweet is an advertisement.
the app works fine, but i hate how many ads i see, especially in the widget. i have to scroll past nearly ten ads in order to see my actual feed. the app itself is not much better.
since the last update _or two_, widget shows me 10 sponsored tweets before i can get to the content i want. very few of the ads relate to my interests. when i get to my content, the tweets are at least a half day old. i have to open the app to see the latest. royal pita.
i'm using a droid turbo running android 4.4.4 and the widget's feed shows 90_ sponsored advertisements. this makes the news feed just an endless text commercial and it isn't very fun. hopefully it will change when this phone gets lollipop, but it would be nice any time soon.
the widget is no longer swarmed by ads as i wrote in my last review, which is great. however, now it doesn't update automatically no matter how long i set the sync interval to be. this forces me to open the app itself to check for new content, which defeats the point of having the widget in the first place. please fix this.
i love using the widget features for my apps when available. had issues with third party twitter apps where the widgets weren't updating. twitter app was good for a bit but recently stopped updating and the worst part about the widget is i may see 10 tweets in the widget _rough estimate_ but 8 of them are ads. waste of space. hate it. no other way to put it.
the new widget does not update its feed and is mostly ads.
top 12 tweets on widget are just adverts. shame because twitter is otherwise great.
all the tweets on my widget have been sponsored ads. it's lame. i'm removing the widget, which means i'll probably go back to forgetting twitter exists.
i get that twitter does _promoted_ tweets for revenue, but when the ratio in the widget is two_thirds ads before you can see anything you actually want, it's just too much.
its very nice apps ad i love it too
fixed all the bugs and the unneccesary ads
it's like watching tv advertisments all the time. advertisement_10
i really liked having my twitter feed as a widget on my phone. however, now it has turned into an ad feed _ there are more ads posted before tweets from ppl i actually follow that you don't see anything useful until u scroll to the bottom of the widget. this significantly reduces its functionality, and therefore the quality of the overall app. please fix this asap or i will delete the widget and ultimately stop using twitter as much.
widget isn't updating like it's supposed to anymore and when force update it just gives an entire stream of advertisements
too many ads
before the update i got the odd advertisement which was fair, its a free app but now they are popping up every few tweets. i keep deleting them and giving a reason but this is getting beyond annoying.
i know you guys need to make money,  but 8_12 ads on the top of the widget feed every time is unnecessary and ruins your product
the app works great on my tablet. the ad screenshots are exactly the look you get. text size is all the same, making it easy to read. it would be nice if there was a way we could customize the look though.
cricket, videos, ads... they keep adding  cr_p but a dark theme_ no no.  that's too much and too difficult...making the user experience worse, you're excellent at. the rest_ not so much.
i actually enjoy facebooks app over this one. constantly bombarded with ads cluttering up my tweet feed. scrolling is not smooth as a result, also some of the people i follow are not showing up. tweet feed is being cut off way too soon. need a way to help deal with people who send a ton of tweets. why couldn't you guys leave things alone. i miss the twitter app from a year ago. now the back button takes me all the way back to the feed. very annoying when trying to follow someone, but forget who they were.
i find twitter a waste of time for personal use. makes me laugh how many people's lives consist of tweeting. as for business use. this app works wonders for force feeding the general public your advertising_
it was cool until this ad brought me here wtf
ads everywhere, switched to a 3rd_party twitter application instead.
ads everywhere
i have followed back the same person about 10_15 times in one day. it keeps telling me that he's following me and when i tap the checkmark, it disappears, until i go back to my home screen and there it is again, ready for me to allow or disallow. and can you please do something about the porn pages adding you asking to take a look at their sexy pictures_ it's getting out of hand_ i have a few real people adding me and the rest are the people advertising sexy photos. i have more blocked people than added_
when refreshing it jumps to the latest tweet instead of staying where you last left it, having to read everything in reverse chronological order is stupid, plus the fact you open the app and are reading something and suddenly updates and you lose what you were reading . new update made this app even worse. twitter is awful and still they make it worse, they obviously don't listen to nor care about their users. adverts and suggested apps now appear more than actual tweets do. the worst app and company
nothing much to say, it does what it has to, nothing i would add personally but it does having to see all those ads.
at this point, all i'm seeing in my tl is month old tweets that i sent and ads. please fix this problem, i'd like to be able to see what my twitter friends are saying rather than stuff i said.
downloaded app loaded my home feed and bam within the first 20 tweets i see 4 'promoted tweets' pushed into my home feed by the twitter app. uninstalled straight away and gone back to using twicca which has never pushed a single ad in the two years i've been using it.
it really is a way to advertise your youtube channel and get more viewers
i really like that you can quote a rt. just hate all the ads and promo tweets that i'm not interested in.
stop with the ad tweets please
whats with all the ads in the widget_ i have to scroll through 10 ads just to see my feed
so when i opened the app it's just shows only my tweets and ads even when i refresh it shows my tweets and retweets  i never sees any of tweets on i am following just mine fix it
well designed, but service still hampered by difficulty handling intervening times between use_really hard to browse those tweets. ads are still ill_targeted.
i actually enjoy facebooks app over this one. constantly bombarded with ads cluttering up my tweet feed. scrolling is not smooth as a result, also some of the people i follow are not showing up. tweet feed is being cut off way too soon. need a way to help deal with people who send a ton of tweets. why couldn't you guys leave things alone. i miss the twitter app from a year ago.
app loads pretty fast and the way of showing pictures is nice. only irritating thing is the ads in between tweets.
great app, hate the ads
one problem with it. way too much spam and ad's. i wish there was a way to turn off people's retweets _they don't turn up in your feed_. but apart from that, it's almost perfect. 
app is fluid, feels light and smooth.  displays ads directly in your twitter feed.
this has been an awesome app to keep track of my twitter.. doesn't bombard me with ads or too many notifications
lot if interesting people to interact with. too many ads though but that's to be expected with anything.
twitter, i would gladly throw you guys a few bucks to not see _promoted_ tweets or advertisements on my tl. but until then, your app falls short to a million and a half third party clients. also lacks material design, and as such, the ui is hideously ugly for an app in 2015. can't recommend. _nexus 5 running purity 4.4.4_
i actually enjoy facebooks app over this one. constantly bombarded with ads cluttering up my tweet feed. scrolling is not smooth as a result, also some of the people i follow are not showing up. tweet feed is being cut off way too soon. need a way to help deal with people who send a ton of tweets. why couldn't you guys leave things alone. i miss the twitter app from a year ago.
ads have been increasing.
i hate that my time line skips a huge gap of tweets. it shows the last 2hours and skips all the way to 9hours. what about the tweets in between_ i want to read them_ i see more ads than people's tweets. it's annoying_
tired of seeing ads snuck in, disguised as any other tweet, every dozen tweets or so.
finding my timeline with far too many adverts at the moment. other than that _ superb.
time for an alternative to twitter_ too much ads. 5 tweets one ad on timeline. bulls_t_
this app does nothing but insert ads into my timeline. it is crap, crap, crap_ uninstalled after less than five minutes. tweetcaster is better and well worth the price.
still jumps back to the top _ loses your place if you leave the app for 10 minutes and then return, which keeps this app unreliable for catching up, as you will spend more time finding your place and rereading tweets you've already read and giving up _ reading a book, than enjoying twitter. long time issue, which twitter ignores and forces users to usd 3rd party twitter apps to bridge the usability deficit found in this app with its ugly ui _ ads every 5 tweets like a total sell out.
i feel like i'm having ads... celebs... random stuff shoved in my face all the time and i can't control what i want to see instead i just get strangers all over my page tht i don't know
new trending update seems more like advertising.
i served much as i can communicate with friends s, not slow, not ads etc.
earn lying on the couch_ drill application globe mobile phone or pc_ when registration is required to write priglasivshego_ privet84 login thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. money is actually displayed_ the app is great _
too much advertising
when registration is required to write priglasivshego_ kot2910 login and receive a bonus currency evra. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlock, or swing on whom there is a globe_com advertising bowl out _
ah me really opened me to stop advertising _ simply posting a tweet window ppakchyeo more tteune ad
ah me really opened me to stop advertising _ simply posting a tweet window ppakchyeo more tteune ad
it lacks a feature that allows the user to or words _hashtags, mutes. other twitter apps like plume or falcon pro can nevertheless also. and take out the sponsored tweets, advertising is not the place. other colors _ styles should be selected.
earn lying on the couch_ drill application globe mobile phone or pc_ when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. the app is great _
a widget that basically only shows advertising tweets _fail
earn lying on the couch_ drill application globe mobile phone or pc_ when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. the app is great _
exactly what i want it for_ no dumb ads or pop ups, very fast and always up to date.
on the day of victory_ the most useful appendix play store it _globe mob_ reviewed to pay for advertising. all honest, no cheating_ please become and start earning. invited sondo
less of ads. but i miss the old quote tweet.
the most useful appendix play store it _globe mob_ reviewed to pay for advertising. all honest, no cheating_ please become and start earning. invited sondo
i love tt, more inadvertently deleted and he enters no more
no ads
people we have to write about this app komenty twitter_ what do you write about different globe mobile advertapp me you already tired of what you're writing the wrong kominty about the fact that you need a pancake _ class application_
sponsored apps and advertising annoying otherwise well
there is a great app _globe mobile_. you look unobtrusive advertisements that appear when unlocking the screen, you put like and get the coin. currency in eur_ during registration enter the login invited _serg8108_ and start earning immediately. good luck_
twitter is great_ advertising is okay. the latest updates are in order. there is nothing to complain about.
it is clear and the advertising does not interfere. really good _
when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ kot2910 and get bonus currency evra. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlock, or swing on whom there is a globe_com advertising bowl out _
i like being able to use  social media for advertising_free_
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive advertising banner that appears when you unlock the screen on your phone or pc, to put like and get more money_ currency in euros_ when become lead _olegon74_ and start earning_
nothing but pop ups when opening links. when refreshing it jumps to the latest tweet instead of staying where you last left it, having to read everything in reverse chronological order is stupid please change this. new update made this app even worse. twitter is awful and still they make it worse, they obviously don't listen to nor care about their users. adverts and suggested apps now appear more than actual tweets do. the worst app and company
the app eh ... meh good but the ads are horrible or at least seek to do the same as google, domal beyond the dms are slow and poor interface is weak, select another customer, that there will not make your day _happier _if it u know what i mean right_
too much advertising and lag
works well and does as advertised.
if you chilun best ads
thanks for the ads
min_ jgn dongk frequent updates_ ngabisin doangk quotas which gk new ad as well.
earn lying on the couch_ drill application globe mobile phone or pc_ when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. the app is great _
earn lying on the couch_ drill application globe mobile phone or pc_ when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. the app is great _
hey have you not thought about putting more ads_ i do not know, i say this because not enough might please those who poneis. you are pesaisimos male, have ads up in the soup.
suddenly 10_ of my timeline is adverts.  no thanks, uninstalling and deleting my account.
just strange people ask the ability to refuse to follow _advertising_ film that eorinde 19 gold ad man and a friend ... i misunderstood halgeot
just strange people ask the ability to refuse to follow _advertising_ film that eorinde 19 gold ad man and a friend ... i misunderstood halgeot
i think it's good, but i have some changes i wish that you could do. 1. to be able to clear all past searches at once. 2. be able to update the list retweet a tweet, now you can only see then the first time you checked. 3. see which lists you yourself are in but do not subscribe to. 4. remove the advertising, please
you can not send tweets with more than 140 characters as with various apps to tweet it. last week highlighted some features that i do not kende..top yet_ you tweetactiviteit analysis cute trick. bit irritating tweets which proposal whom to follow, in my view, too much advertising. further on my s6 or emoticons ... a relief. in short, i switched from talon to the twitter app _
i really like this application on android. before using blackberry and it was quite shocking, and spend here is much more fluid. the downside is that sometimes upload a tweet and i subiedolo can throw all day and have to be canceling it and subiebdolo again and is a bummer. and also the subject of annoying ads when after removing back and slide the screen. if you areglarais those details would be perfect
it works alright, but the interface is a bit iffy. i frequently find myself pressing the wrong buttons because they're too small and don't have clear bounds. would be nice if i could focus on a tweet without accidentally faving it instead. also, the ads and promotions showing up right in my feed are rather annoying.
earn lying on the couch_ drill application globe mobile phone or pc_ when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. the app is great _
only it is showing too many ads, too much useless.
long time user who used to keep track of all my favorite blogs in one place. these new _open in browser_ changes are terrible, just adds 3 more steps every time i want to click a link. makes twitter null and void. i'm now simply keeping some tabs open on my browser and seeing it all in one spot instead of bouncing between apps. no more twitter for me. icing on the cake is no more irrelevant advertising and i'm always exactly where i left off.
after updating of advertising in the film was even more. i open the application and sit flipping advertising posts _5 pieces was a row_. previously, only 1 was. _ fixed gear _congenial_ page top tape that nafig not needed. disgusting application.
notifications never work or push notifications and its slow and crashes alot plus cant upload own videos always says error false advertising
you see the pictures no longer the related tweets and the _activity_ is entirely absent without prior notice, although earlier really aggressive advertising was made for it. instead, you get now even alongside the sponsored tweets apps recommended _50_ stupid games, i do not need_.
dumb ads
get money for each installed application, if you install it via advertapp, checked_
how to remove the advertising_
the constant advertising within the app bugging me quite, although i usually have nothing to complain about, will cost 2 star.
you want to earn while lying on the couch_ drill globe mobile app on your phone or pc_ when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. start earning money with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. the app is great _
worse than ever, sponsored posts that advertising is killing something that is vile in itself.
advertising does not need an application
since the latest update are in the widget the first 6_8 tweets completely advertising .....
attention_ globe useful mobile apps _ enter your username, _buxlo_ when registering_ tab you who called, register here, this nickname. _buxlo_ especially do anything and do not need, just you on your smartphone or on your computer will be coming advertising banner that appears at the screen and everything, it can not even look you turn _ the money credited to check_ create the partners that would make bolshe.p.s. login without entering a person who invited you to create does not work, alas.
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive advertising banner that appears when you unlock the screen on your phone or pc, to put like and get more money_ currency in euros_ when become lead _olegon74_ and start earning_
go back to the old way you share tweets. no link to the shared tweet and no ad to tell ppl your sharing with to download the app please
widget only shows ads
pls dont show ads
good app, useful, but no way to opt out of promoted tweets, advertising has no place in my timeline. major minus points for that
when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ kot2910 and get bonus currency evra. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlock, or swing on whom globe_com advertising out there bowl _ _
download the application via the link go.advertapp.ru_1m6uf and get the money for the entrance
but ads are disturbing me please solve it
you want to earn while lying on the couch_ drill globe mobile app on your phone or pc_ when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. start earning money with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. the app is great _
how to disable the stupid advertising on the tape _
in combination with facebook is not a mistake. facebook on extensive communication and documents, twitter short and flash messages _ exactly as it should be and how to expect it. super for me, and i give five stars only because sometimes exaggerated advertising _although i understand the source of funding_.
globe mobile app, where you can make money, and in evro..prosto see ad .. register under me mencha
works good._ there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive advertising banner that appears when you unlock the screen on your phone or pc, to put like and get more money_ currency in euros_ when become lead _iramiz74_ and start earning_ p.s. login without entering a person who invited you to create does not work, alas.
in no ad google play, only severance dev
so many ads...
fix ad went.
you want to earn while lying on the couch_ drill globe mobile app on your phone or pc_ when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. start earning money with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. the app is great _
but there is no ad version vieth
when you inadvertently hit reply, you cannot get out of that screen. i have turn phone off_on to get back.
advertisement
when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ kot2910 and get bonus currency evra. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlock, or swing on whom globe_com advertising out there bowl _ _
earnings in euro _ subscribe to globe mobile. join ovc2005.nichego team deal_ just close the advertising window on your phone or pc. during registration enter ovc2005 name. the best and easiest earnings _
when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. start earning money with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. class app _
everyone knows twitter is a good app. its like facebook in a way that everyone uses it to follow social media, network, promoting_advertising, making  friends and sharing your life's stories. myself and millions of others, including celebrities and world leaders use it. any news or gossip you want or can think of, is on twitter. its worth 5 stars in alot of ways but i gave it 4 only because i have had a difficult time posting pictures, video and other media right off the site i found it and directly to user
when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ kot2910 and get bonus currency evra. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlock, or swing on whom globe_com advertising out there bowl _
when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. start earning money with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. class app _
when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ kot2910 and get bonus currency evra. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlock, or swing on whom globe_com advertising out there bowl _
i do not like to appear q q people twits me nor do i know nor wish to know. including advertising
i wanted to use the widget, but it only posted out of date sponsored ads.
get money for each installed application, if you install it via advertapp, checked_ p.s special thanks for periscope.
better have less advertisement
when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. start earning money with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. application class _
has its uses though. the block feature is handy for unwanted advertising.
i  cannot ads new members and i hate it
then your native android app is hell. here's how it goes_ tap twitter icon _ scroll all the way to the bottom to read what i've missed while i've been asleep_working_raising children _ read 3 tweets _ app kicks me back up to the top automatically _ scroll all the way to the bottom to find my spot again _ read 4 tweets _ app kicks me back to top again _ repeat ad nauseam _where at some point your app decides arbitrarily that i can't load past a certain point anymore and read old tweets_ _ scream.
all good. but why in the description to the application refer to specific personalities and media resources, their actual advertising_
when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ kot2910 and get bonus currency evra. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlock, or swing on whom there is a globe_com cup advertising goes.
when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. start earning money with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. the app is super _
many useful functions have come lately to. one would merely make offensive advertising. many people know i do not believe what you can now do with twitter.
get money for each installed application, if you install it via advertapp, checked_
when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ kot2910 and get bonus currency evra. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlock, or swing on whom there is a globe_com cup advertising goes.
lack only edit tweets and those advertisements as spam
drill globe mobailtut possible for free to earn money and spend it in the games, to pay for paid apps_ just when the gadget screen viewing ads appeared on the show ekrane.posle euros on your personal account. during registration, the first field to write who invited you. without it, the registration will not work _ write my nickname vystrel and invite more to us in a team of people will be swimming in money _
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive ads that appear when you unlock the screen, becoming the like and get more money_ currency in euros_ when become lead _olegon74_ and start earning_
when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. start earning money with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. the app is super _
still needs work. instead of adding 'features' that no one except advertisers want, how about letting web pages detect my device when i open a link in_app and serve an appropriately sized page instead of forcing the desktop view_ how about using google's standard share sheet_ how about filling the subject line with the page title when i share by e_mail_ hmmmm_ where's the discovery gone_ i actually liked looking at what tweets my network were engaging with. this is just meh.
too many ads
good app. there is an application advertapp download and make money quickly and easily_ enter 7s8ug code and get a bonus _
best earnings on android _globe_mobile_, and most importantly no need to install nothing, input invitation code _a24_ and start earning_ just look at the ads nenavyazchivayu razblokirovki click on the cross and all_ pay in euros_ output for webmoney and paypal_
this very bn k n i like advertising
new way to view links is awful and doesn't work, get rid and let us open links with our own browser. when refreshing it jumps to the latest tweet instead of staying where you last left it, having to read everything in reverse chronological order is stupid please change this. new update made this app even worse. twitter is awful and still they make it worse, they obviously don't listen to nor care about their users. adverts and suggested apps now appear more than actual tweets do. the worst app and company
many advertisements ...
after the update _ every fifth tweet is _sponsored_ advertising
can not sign in ad
my ad is not registered to do
what turns out, is how much advertising is enough
photos uploaded to show the invisible and low_profile twitter followers who haejun nickname was stored. why_ and you'll find out there why are appearing in english haneungeo delete note_ and i'm not even able to load photos. jineyo twitter eopdet getting weird whenever you get rid of me and halfway i tamra ad shakers
not log into my ad
the application is as c on the computer and there is no beug no ads. i recommend it.
globe_mobile _ excellent application to run on the internet. earnings based on the husky advertisements or click on a link. payments are made in euros, at current exchange rate is very good. must have money you can to webmoney and paypal. when you register in the _who invited you_ enter_ cadmus without filling in this field can not register. all good earnings.
i realise that advertising pays for everything, but a promoted tweet every four or five tweets_ really_ frankly it's making the app nigh on unusable at the moment. you do realise that most people block accounts that promote their tweets, right_ very poor show.
this app does exactly what i expected. get rid of ads and it is  a 5 star app
here's a program for earning globe mobile excellent work_ enter _butik55_ is the login when registering_ and feel free to begin making the euro. especially do anything and do not need a cell phone on you will come and all advertising, not even you can watch it _ money credited machine_ create your team that would earn more_ the application can be installed on a pc or laptop.
great program to get your thoughts and opinions out there. debating is great and posting pretty much anything is a plus. i can use it for personal stuff or advertise stuff for my company. i like the multi_a_ usefulness of it_
trends suck....go back to how it was  . this is a poor excuse to add adverts or _sponsored links_
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive ads that appear when you unlock the screen, becoming the like and get more money_ currency in euros_ when become lead _olegon74_ and start earning_
has its uses though. the block feature is handy for unwanted advertising.
i'd give twitter a 4 or 5 if not for the frequency of fake follower_bot and sponsored tweet interruptions which detract from the experience and functionality of the app. approx. 1 in 5 tweets are junk advertising and 9 out of 10 new followers are bot accounts. i've used app for 2 yrs and am very active. as of this review, i have _310 followers, all real _i spend way too much time blocking bots..._. i'd be glad to pay for this app to eliminate the spam of ads and bot interactions.
i'd give twitter a 4 or 5 if not for the frequency of fake follower_bot and sponsored tweet interruptions which detract from the experience and functionality of the app. approx. 1 in 5 tweets are junk advertising and 9 out of 10 new followers are bot accounts. i've used app for 2 yrs and am very active. as of this review, i have _310 followers, all real _i spend way too much time blocking bots..._. i'd be glad to pay for this app to eliminate the spam of ads and bot interactions.
it seems like twitter has more ads now which is bad. especially when you get rid of the top bar so there is no discovery. this app hasn't changed much since i got it a year ago. how about some new things_ possibly new buttons to help navigate about twitter. such as going to your profile. something more like an iphone. i'll be getting a different twitter app.
why remove the features people use_ twitter is selling out to big business, and is yet another advertising mouthpiece. let us see what our friends are up to, including their favourites.
would love the ability to read my lists offline in app  or via rss _happy to have them ad supported_ have you thought about buying instapaper_
first widget screen contains only ad _ _ _
hey bring back the discover and activity tabs, why are u messing with ux. its full of ads did u change ur policies.
globe_mobile _ excellent application to run on the internet. earnings based on the husky advertisements or click on a link. payments are made in euros, at current exchange rate is very good. must have money you can to webmoney and paypal. when you register in the _who invited you_ enter_ cadmus without filling in this field can not register. all good earnings.
well twitter, you fucked it, kudos. we don't need any new bells and whistles, we don't need any new gimmicks or adverts,what we need is a stable app that lets you see what your contacts are doing and easily see what is trending. seriously how hard is that to get right_ why not roll back a few versions and give us all back our top bar hmm_
way too many advertising tweets in the last couple of updates
globe_mobile _ excellent application to run on the internet. earnings based on the husky advertisements or click on a link. payments are made in euros, at current exchange rate is very good. must have money you can to webmoney and paypal. when you register in the _who invited you_ enter_ cadmus without filling in this field can not register. all good earnings.
was_happy_with_getting_this_installed_because_i_would_like_too_use_twitter_to_advertise_my_website_and_to_be_able_to_sell_something's_from_my_place_ms.winsome_m._brown
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive ads that appear when you unlock the screen, becoming the like and get more money_ currency in euros_ during registration enter_ antonov13 and start earning_
its okay for my information. but to much ad or promote.
a bit too many ads. just slightly too much.
none of the functionality, all of the ads of a better app. you suck
nice social media app_ just wish i would only see the people_places i choose to follow _ not all the recommended stuff_advertisements.
i think twitter lives in a world where there are no 'q's or 'a's. they release apps with more bugs than the swarm of locusts somebody made up to put in the bible.  this time they effed up the scrolling, left_right, while viewing photos. so like good little suckers, we keep using their broken service, going in and out of selecting a photo, taking 4 or 5 times longer and ignoring more of their wasted advertising.  remember when the internet was nice and easy to use, before idiots made tons of _ on it_
good app, could do with a few less adverts but it's free so can't complain really...
i love the app but he ad that keeps popping up on my phone is so annoying. its like twitter is hacked on my phone. its an ad on a flashlight. i can't be the only one receiving this.. please fix this_
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive ads that appear when you unlock the screen, becoming the like and get more money_ currency in euros_ during registration enter_ antonov13 and start earning_
there is just too much advertising
i like the app and all. its just that every time i send a tweet it says failed to send tweet. plz help. i want to advertise my channel.
still can't copy textelements, and now i got more advertisements than tweets.
the app works well but i'm hating how often i get _promoted_ ads.  not a problem with a twitter client because you can block them.  seriously there needs to be a way to block those notifications in my timeline. right now i just keep adding the advertisers to my block list but still needs fixing. another big issue is that the widget will just blank out. like nothing on it at all. the only thing i can do to get it to work is remove the widget and replace it with a new one.
the app works well but i'm hating how often i get _promoted_ ads.  not a problem with a twitter client because you can block them.  seriously there needs to be a way to block those notifications in my timeline. right now i just keep adding the advertisers to my block list but still needs fixing. another big issue is that the widget will just blank out. like nothing on it at all. the only thing i can do to get it to work is remove the widget and replace it with a new one.
the application is as c on the computer and there is no beug no ads. i recommend it.
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive ads that appear when you unlock the screen, becoming the like and get more money_ currency in euros_ during registration enter_ antonov13 and start earning_
first 6 tweets i see are ads and _alysestjulian_spam_ who i  blocked and cant mute _error_. please fix this
tweets won't update. it no longer shows your notifications. you have to check the notifications tab but it takes forever to refresh. the only reason i'm using it still is because it does not have the pop up ads. but overall, it is crappy.
after the last update why has many advertising_ it appeared whenever i scroll my timeline and most of them not based on what i follow. i know your app is lacking but can you improve_ so annoying and disappoint.
no scrolling ads is the best feature.  crashing a few times recently.
works as advertised. good app
why even have the widget_ it rarely updates and when it does it's 90_ promoted content. the first seven posts in my widget were ads. that's a lot of scrolling just get to my content. and after 7, there aren't many tweets left to read in widget view. then you click to go the full app and get more ads immediately. it is ridiculous.
do you want to earn up to 50 euros per day, virtually nothing, just laykaesh unobtrusive advertising. rock mobile globe program, enter login invited sergey38 and get into my team, adds, and together we will make real money. have problems, please contact us by e_mail, help than i can
new versions once again include a flood of new promoted tweets in your timeline. it's incredibly annoying _ they are too many to block individually. it seems the so called _bug fixes_ are just new ads and nothing more. i'm stopping updates completely.
getting real tired of promoted tweets and annoying ads...
it's a good app, but this update is confusing. not to mention that people posting these mock ads and links that make the app even more of a hastle. don't fix what isn't broken_
still can't post animated gifs since last update. also crashes when scrolling past ads.
has its uses though. the block feature is handy for unwanted advertising.
app is fluid, feels light and smooth.  displays ads directly in your twitter feed.
i was reading website thwen an advert ii did not click hijacked my browser and bought me to this screen. very poor form_ 1 star until twitter pyblically apologies for dirty narketibg tricks
not to much advertising _ really good news app
thus new update makes it look like how it does on an iphone which is not what majority of people _that i know_ like. the profile view allows for advertisements which isn't ideal and it's just overall annoying.
please add the ability to send longer than 140 characters. also it would be cool to show what twitter client others are using. i came back to the official twitter client because my other twitter client showed that so many people use this one. it would be great advertisement for you.
easy to use. adverts annoy me though. wish you could block certain  retweets from other people.
....not aimed at power users and that's a good thing. does its job competently with no extra baggage. lack of ads always a plus.
wth is twitter good for_ hundreds of meaningless unfunny unrelated, self_interested junk posts from people you don't know or would ever want to_ this is not a thing real people actually enjoy but rather an invention of arrogant people to advertise themselves. yucky. imho
if you only want to view everything except what you're following, then this app is for you_ this only displays random junk and advertising. no, you do not have a feed for what your following_ you must search it every time_ could you imagine having a friend list on facebook that you couldn't view_ one you had to search every single time, except all your friend have nicknames_ good luck with this garbage app_
seriously,  about every 4th or 5th post is a sponsored ad that further eats into my data allocation. even if i have to buy an app to avoid the excessive ads, it would be more preferable than this crap.
it's okay to use. easy way to stay connected with friends and follow other users you might be interested in. at least half of the tweets seen by outside users are scam sites or advertisement which i don't enjoy it. benefit of choosing who you follow i guess, but a lot of users are there to just make money off advertising and it clogs up the feed by re_tweets upon re_tweets. very few app bugs.
has its uses though. the block feature is handy for unwanted advertising.
other twitter clients don't offer what i want. this does the job perfectly despite everyone complaining that it hogs a load of storage space. indeed it does but it works fast on my phone. so sick of the advertising on other twitter clients
i like this app a lot. i just wish it was as easy_effective to copy and paste a tweet from the android app ad it was with my iphone.
twitter is willing to put ads and to my timeline, but it doesn't show me all of my tweets. i have to use a third_party client to see all of my tweets. unfortunately, twitter blocks that client from giving me full access to the media i want to look at. please twitter, fix this bug or stop blocking third_party clients.
the application delivers just as advertised. the only issue, for me, has been that it occasionally hangs and refuses to respond. in that situation, it has to be closed and then reopened. fixing this problem will be more than good_
it works as advertised. would've gave it five stars if the widget worked properly. other than that it gets the job done.
dislike the implementation of ads. it could be done much better. otherwise a great source of news and info.
get your ads out of my timeline_
twitter is my favorite app. it almost never has any issues, and if by chance it does, it immediately corrects them with updates or notifications. on several occassions twitter has shut down but i don't think it was inherently the companies fault. they always seem to get better and better. twitter is a central form of news, social media and pop culture and i love it_ 5 stars for no ads, no commercials, constant improvement and great service_
twitter is great it's fun and it's a great outlet for any type of emotions. a lot of time i get frustrated by some of the crap that people are retweeting like advertisements for bad clothing or pornographic items_ grotesque pictures but i guess that's an unavoidable. for the most part twitter is very fun and efficient. it is fun to use.
app works exactly as advertised. other than a few sporadic crashes here and there i've had no issues with this stable app.
it's okay to use. easy way to stay connected with friends and follow other users you might be interested in. idk why the hell it needs the use of my camera..which is why this gets 3 stars instead of 4. i would give it 4 stars because half of the tweets seen by outside users are scam sites or advertisement which i don't enjoy. benefit of choosing who you follow i guess, but a lot of users are there to just make money off advertising and it clogs up the feed by re_tweets upon re_tweets. very few app bugs.
the latest one said something about a cricket timeline, whatever that is. support for the history of noisy insects that twitter a lot, perhaps. you dont really need this app, its all advertising.
since getting the twitter app i've had app ads popping up when i'm not even using twitter.
the layout looks great, but why hide the user profile in a submenu_ i don't care about _discover_ and _activity._ i care about my mentions fav's and rt's. replace discover and activity with notifications and twitter lists. and there are still so many more complaints. overall just needs easier access to the basics and less advertising of its own agenda to get you deeper into twitter. i don't care what my followers like or who they followed. i don't care what's trending. thats why i only follow what i like.
consider charging for service rather than showing advertising
it's okay. no ads, crashes and you can save photos _ the only thing i ask to make this app better is so that i can save gifs _moving photos_. i will change my rate to 5 stars if u can make this work.... _d my phone is samsung galaxy core 2 btw
way too many ads. switching to a different app
i would give it 5, if only it was ad free.
yep, it's twitter on your phone. nothing crazy, works as advertised.
it's really annoying to see so many ads at the top. where are the widgets_
has now resorted to popups, floaters and other such rubbish to advertise uninteresting junk. less inclined to use it now. awful.
sick of irrelevant ads, pop up questions, and broken connections. but seeing as you leave us nothing else to use, just have to put up with it.
ad tweets everywhere, cant figure out what order replies are in and why they are all listed in a stack. only reason i have it is for the notification when the person i follow tweets
thanks for adding new features, i will give 5 after including tanzania in twitter ads supported countries, i need to set my location as tanzania and not other countries so i can advertisements.
thanks for adding new features, i will give 5 after including tanzania in twitter ads supported countries, i need to set my location as tanzania and not other countries so i can advertisements.
why is advertising for _50 shades of grey_ continually being forced onto my screen_ i do not want to look at anything to do with that disgusting movie. if it's running so often because it's valentine's, that just makes it worse. it's not romantic, it's about a rich man abusing a woman.
my experience is limited to using this app on a nexus 5 and my current samsung note 4. in both cars this app provides the basic functionality one needs to access twitter.  i do wish more user defined conventions like rt in addition to quotes were available for citing tweets posted by other users. the forced ad viewing is a bit annoying, but deregure for _free to user_ internet services that have to monetize their user base to operate at a profit. no surprises for an overall solid app on a 2013_15 phone.
i thought instagram was bad ad accounts on twitter is even worst. any way ... the apps functions just right, although i would like the option to refresh at my rate not the fast pace twitter is in. very cluttered.
pretty well made app but it can be laggy sometimes and the ads can get pretty annoying.
it could use some more updates the homepage will not load, ad ive 25,000 followers
thanks i love it, simple and easy. _ please remove the advertising.
i dont like the new update because when u post videos i know in the future that theyll be lots of videos full of crap like ad or repost vds so i dont feel private and cozy anymore its like a second hand of fb_ too public_ _'_ 
to many ads
why don't you post useful change logs_ saying a new version includes _several improvements and bug fixes_ isn't adequate, especially when asking for more permissions _that you don't explain_. why do you need to draw over other apps_ take pictures_ record audio_ examine wi_fi connections_ why read my phone status and identity information, and what will you do with it_ if you _or your advertising subsidiary_ are using the info to build a dossier on me, at least be honest enough to say so.
works great. great ui. where is the ads platform_
alas, twitter, after almost 2 years on my phone, remains a mystery of purpose _ function to me. but what i have mastered works well. never had a problem with the app on my g3. starts up quickly, closes quickly. does what i think it's supposed to. can't ask for more than it works _as i understand it_ as advertised.
needs microphone now_ cmon.  i mean the app works, but for a simple message broadcast service it sure snoops a lot. it also loses my feed location every update, inserts ads everywhere, broadcast my favourites against my will. i am this close twitter..
ads are so anoing and why do you need access to the mic_
honestly, the windows phone version of twitter is better, amazing as that may be. why on earth doesn't the android version of twitter have a dark theme_ i could bare the ads...i can't bare the lightness of the app. until we get a dark theme on android this won't get more than 1 star.
twitter has come a long way with their app,  would still love to see them allow for a dark _night theme,  but in this app not only will you experience lighting speeds but they include all native features from the website... the ads are not annoying either,  i actually found a few ads to be helpful. would love twitter to get a beta app.
make sure you also check out other clients_ this one inserts adverts. also real estate is eaten away by  useless _discovery features_ for info gluttons
you guys wanna access the microphone, but i'm still not able to record video when yall specifically advertised that it was available for both ios and android. fix it.
really cool and great for advertising my youtube account
it's really annoying to see so many ads at the top.
honestly, the windows phone version of twitter is better, amazing as that may be. why on earth doesn't the android version of twitter have a dark theme_ i could bare the ads...i can't bare the lightness of the app. until we get a dark theme on android this won't get more than 1 star.
honestly, the windows phone version of twitter is better, amazing as that may be. why on earth doesn't the android version of twitter have a dark theme_ i could bare the ads...i can't bare the lightness of the app. until we get a dark theme on android this won't get more than 1 star.
honestly, the windows phone version of twitter is better, amazing as that may be. why on earth doesn't the android version of twitter have a dark theme_ i could bare the ads...i can't bare the lightness of the app. until we get a dark theme on android this won't get more than 1 star.
ads every dozen or so tweets now since the update.
every time i go to sign in or look at twitter it crashes. i also hate all the ads spamming up my feed. there is no point in keeping this app anymore for those reasons. all the updates do not improve it either.
my ony issue with this app is the occaisonal ad i get _i hate ads..._. otherwise, great job_
account is shut down  w_out notice.  notifications don't always show. don't care for free advertisement from companies on activity page.
no ads..best twitter application 
this app is grat but i keep getting all these stupid ads and its annoying so ya
sponsored content is masked as tweets. they do have a tiny bit of text telling them apart, but ads should be entirely separated from normal content in their own sections.
i think it's great. easy to find what i want and not too many ads.
why there's ads appearing when i'm on mobile data after the new update_ it's annoying.
honestly, the windows phone version of twitter is better, amazing as that may be. why on earth doesn't the android version of twitter have a dark theme_ i could bare the ads...i can't bare the lightness of the app. until we get a dark theme on android this won't get more than 1 star.
what's with the ads in the new update. is there anyway to disable it_ pls fix it.
i cannot change my notification. i used xiaomi mi note with the lastest version regional indonesia. but in my samsung galaxy note, this application run well... app ads on top... 
they put ads on menu bar apps. it's horible
pls remove the ads on the header. effin annoying_
latest version give me a annoying ad on the top below the status bar. seriously, remove these ad. fix asap_
why you put an ads on the top panel, please just being normal again _
i think it needs a bit more material design to it, layout needs to change and it should have no ads and should look a bit flater in design
sometimes a little slow and the ads are super annoying maybe have us do a survey in things we are interested in.
beastly ads
why are there ads in my tl_ and i do not care who other ppl are following. stop telling me
now on nexus 6. things are starting to work well. those ads are hard to get rid of.
stopped using plume due to excessive advertising. this app is great, works really well.
works just fine for a twitter client. ads and promoted tweets aren't as bad anymore. i'm worried about twitter deciding what tweets i see however.
honestly, the windows phone version of twitter is better, amazing as that may be. why on earth doesn't the android version of twitter have a dark theme_ i could bare the ads...i can't bare the lightness of the app. until we get a dark theme on android this won't get more than 1 star.
it gets worse. so now i can't block or report an abusive account... so i'm getting spammed with porn and ads. stupid_ everything was working great until the giant crash a week ago... now they've broken all kinds of crap again. typical twitter, 1_2 step forward, 4 steps back
love the new design, but what's with my news feed filling up with info about who the people i follow follow_ too many ads
tons of ads but eh.
love the app, lately a bit too many ads in my time line though..
wish i didn't have to get notifications daily telling me that a bunch of my followers just favorited somebody's tweet, its annoying and there is no setting to disable this feature. i also don't like how the app tells you in your news feed that so and so is following this person. i don't need to know that. sponsored ads are a joke. but that's just how it is these days i guess. other than these nitpicks everything works just fine on my 1st gen moto x.
it's the ads that bug me
i love it, im addicted_ i can stay in track with 5sos ad 1d_ plus i met my best friend on twitter_
this app does exactly what it advertises. it doesn't get the fifth star only because it doesn't do anything revolutionary.
my twitter app took itself off my phone completely_ real nice you guys... fix it fast if you want anyone to use your app_ in fact, it looks like all the most popular twitter apps are upsetting a lot of people_ intrusive ads, screwing around with what you can and can't do on twitter and the devs don't seem to give a rat's a_ lousy way to get people to use your app, i think i just might take a break from twitter...
new phone didnt matter. has not worked for over a year now. when you click someones profile, and click view tweets, it only shows the 3 most recent, then tweets from 3_4 days ago _or the last time you checked their profile_. have to use web browser twitter to even use it anymore. you have time to create twitter ads and post favorites to people tl's,  but wont fix this_ this is bs. fix it. ridiculous.
too many ads
kicked my app off twitter so i would use google acct to sign up or sign in_ i think not advertisers_ app created a new acct and i have two already_ are you people that dumb that you can't all low users to sign in or just that advertising greedy so u can sell info and shopping habits_ also, if i wanted people to know where i am i would put it in the freaking newspaper_ gps_ nope_
kicked my app off twitter so i would use google acct to sign up or sign in_ i think not advertisers_ also, if i wanted people to know where i am i would put it in the freaking newspaper_ gps_ nope_
i was forced logged out of the app and since it has been years since i have created my account. i don't log out and forgot my password. i just uninstalled it since i don't go onto it anyways since my feed just shows ads and things i don't care about.
lazy updates_don't explain the reason for the update. _annoying adverts
login issues, high battery consumption, more ad spam with every weekly update. better options available from other alternative apps.
pls specify features added when there is a new update. also minimize number of ads. thanks
...ads can be annoying.
is there a reason any time i interact with your app, it just needs to go back to to top of the page_ for example i scroll down a little bit down the page, oh hey that looks like a cool picture or a link, let me click on it. oh yea that was cool, let me go back and look at the other tweets around it... nope i'm at the top of the page looking at a tweet of 3s ago. its hella annoying.i just would like to use your app and enjoy it. its bad enough that the entire app is being flooded by spam advertising.
udemy, you have been given one star for displaying ads in my notification panel. i think that's a violation of terms in having your app in the play store.
excellent variety of course topics. site works as advertised. no disappointments...
great to download courses to see offline. had no issues with it and no ads.  yay_
why isn't this advertised_
what was advertised as a course was really just a talk.  although i enjoyed the content, i felt ripped off.  i would not have paid 20.00 if i knew what i was getting.  will not buy another course.  i do not trust it will be worth investment.
i'd give this a 5 except that i bought a class off a facebook ad that was offering 51_ off a _100 course. great deal right_ wrong_ after downloading the udemy app and opening the course purchased for _49, udemy offered to sell me the exact same course for _15.  disgusted_
the android app works better than the ipad app. if on an ipad, it may work better on a browser for you. the one thing that really made me angry is the marketing department of udemy. they send these almost false advertising emails that you will receive discounts on courses only to discover it only applies to courses you really don't want to take. udemy marketing,  people don't fall for this kind of trick anymore. it just gets you bad reviews like this one.
i'm enjoying the course i'm taking, but using a notification to advertise_ i already paid to use your website_ i paid for the course_
udemy eats up background mobile data in push notifications,  course ads, and other background proceses excluding lectures. i don't view udemy lectures on the mobile data. no way to disable mobile data completely from the app. to do so, go to settings _ data useage _ select udemy _ select check box _restrict background data_. one star until udemy fixes this problem. thank you.
does not have my web classes,  not does it run the classes submitted here well.   lots of ads though
udemy has been advertising a sale via email and on facebook. i found a couple classes on the site i was interested in, but decided i would use the udemy app so i could buy classes in_app since i have some play credit. one of the classes cannot be found in the app and the other does not have the sale price advertised on the site. very confusing. seems questionable. this is why i did not buy the classes.
great  tutorial education site. heaps  of courses. main problem is a lot of internet marketing gurus are using it simply to get you their mailing lists. the courses have blatant ads  in them rather than being training. only downside 
always be sure to check the advertised price, the google play price, and website price before buying. functionally it's a pretty good app and website. it's great to be able to stream the videos to a chromecast.
this app is totally commercial and useless. i compared to coursera, and came to conclusion that this app is depending only on ads.
this app is totally commercial and useless. i compared to coursera, and came to conclusion that this app is depending only on ads.
always be sure to check the advertised price, the google play price, and website price before buying.
always be sure to check the advertised price, the google play price, and website price before buying.
so far so good. works as advertised.
despite the fact this feature is advertised on the site.
despite the fact this feature is advertised on the site.
despite it being advertised in the app description i can't find any adjustable playback speed.
despite it being advertised in the app description i can't find any adjustable playback speed.
however, new update doesn't allow messages to pop up when in another app _ completely dislike_ oh wow, another update 3days later _ still doesn't pop up but hey why not add some ads to it_ how stupid _ going to remove soon.
it works, but it does things you can't stop, the ads suck up a lot of ram. uninstalled due to ram usage, phone book modification.
great, but ads annoying and spam from other countries
everytime displaying viber out ad when try to message. do not try to be a adware_ downgraded my ratings 5 to 2.
video chat is great. love this app it's better then other apps that does similar things. no ads _ love it.
wish to use but won't link my _ with foreign friends' _ so we can use. we both are set up but can't call. very frustrating.  asks for money but ads say it is free if we are both on viber.
like_ you will not miss calls or messages, they pop up on the screen.   dislike_ too much advertisement, upselling of stickers and just plain spam sent via vober. i would like to have an option to accept those who can message me _e.g. skype_fb model_
i made three calls, and now it wants me to buy credit. why would i do that when there are free apps i can use. false advertisement.
i was impressed at the quality of the sound and the simplicity of the app. it is very strait to the point and easy to work. above all it does exactly what it advertises it will do and for the price it claims. keep up the good work. great job_
as advertised. can't really ask for anything more
so i have no complaints. everything is working as advertised. been using it for a long time. talk to my friends in europe and us.  no problems.
says free calls when connected to wifi. its not free atall_ try making a call and you got to pay_ faulse advertisment_
ads shows up
i mean the ads for viber desktop. i dial my friend, start talking and what happens next is_ my microphone turns off, speakers turn on and the browser starts launching. so my friend is saying something for everyone to hear because she cant hear me and i am pushing buttons like crazy trying to stop browser from launching. it does take a while on my phone. what happens every time is that viber desktop ad launches about 3s after i make a call. thats the right way to stop me using the smartphone app.
it's good but so mush ads on stickers need some funny free stickers
great messaging app but adverts, an annoying colour scheme with little customisation and an ever reverting background takes the app down a notch. also i don't care about your emojis and will never get any so stop annoying me about them.
like it .. though the ads are really annoying sometimes .. but over all i like it, the features, style and stickers god bless team viber _3
no pornographique ads like on skype. ..saving a fortune on phone calls as travelling around a lot at the moment.  very happy.
this app is ok calling is slow it always says _connection lost_ ad messaging is slow most messages fail to send. attachments dont send. and video calls dont work... i received a message from viber saying_ _this app is running slow ad mat cause ur phone to run slow and may crash your decice_
this app is falsely advertising the free calls and texts to anyone, anywhere.  you can be sued_
disaapointed wif da constant ads.... otherwise i thk its fine
viber is too slow _on my octa core processor with 3 gb ram, everything is too slow. i could only imagine how this stupid app _works_ on mid range phones_. notifications dont work _i dont know that i have new message until i start application again _ its idiotism_. ads and idiots stickers _ i dont want to comment. sound quality _ its nice, but only in first 3 minutes, and after that connection is lost.
ad option to lock and email chat history_
does as advertised. nothing exceptional or great. just adequate.
chatting to my gf and qantas advert popped up in our chat sorry viber you've lost my loyalty no more
no intrusive ads, clear call quality, and all for free with optional paid add_ons.  there is the occasional bug but the overall user experience is a 5.
just used it to call a friend in australia, voice quality was as good as _if not better than_ regular phone.  simple to use, worked as advertised.
it works exactly as advertised i could talk to my brother in england
could someone explain to me....why viber says free calls....but at the top of my contacts it asks me to buy credits_ have tried calling a friend but i got a message saying i don't have enough credits to call.....so therefore it isnt free calls....isnt that false advertising_
every day i receive advertising messages in large numbers, and every day more and more, the application must be increased functionality _ receive messages only from your contacts list
just use what's app people. this app was once good. but lots of spam messages and sales ads has ruined it.
using 140mb of ram, full of ads, spam, useless stickers etc. menu not intuitive, giving wrong contact statuses, gives ringing sound in a call to a number that has viber uninstalled_ hell, it uses more ram then skype even_
messages not being received.  i show delivered but recipient says they never got. now starting to  get unsolicited ads for ray_ban and crossbody bags. i only use viber with one person.
the connection was so clear _ well done. you are a stellar example of a service that lives up to its advertising
i understand advertising is essential to a business so i accept that but get really annoyed being notified that my 3rd cousin  44 times removed has  now joined viber and would like to add you or you them blah  blah blah. ...
shows everyone aways online. takes years to update last seen. annoying ads. irritating sticker pop ups. poor ui design. cluttered settings. annoys like hell.
call quality is good and messages gets delivered with notifications showing u message status.  no invasive advertising and no charging for use after a year of use like the alternative...
need a bigger text box, 1 line is very hard to read and edit. its a good app apart from that, items send quickly and without hassle, no ads in your face all the time.
very easy to use and its free. no ads whatsoever.
viber i never installed you because you are clumsier than expected, but i know you are a stable and equally reliable messenger on my friend's smartphone. increase your advertising in india. reduce app size and data usage.  a 40 mb messaging app feels like a blasphemous thing. believe me.
games and stickers ads are too aggressive. i open the app to chat, not to get frustrated and disoriented by graphics.
messages not being received.  i show delivered but recipient says they never got. now starting to  get ads for ray_ban and crossbody bags. i only use with one person.
when are you going to fix in call proximity sensor_ it's been two years. still pressing buttons with my ear. and too many annoying ads
for those fed up with the spam ads, the only solution is to do what i have done. uninstall this version and search for the older version .apk _preferably ver 3.0_ from internet. then direct install it and your problem solved_                                                         edit_ after doing the above, please don't ever update or you will be back to square one_
_ after the _spam blocking_  update i am now getting full screen ads from viber itself advertising games_ viber can now be considered unsolicited adware _ so disappointing as i used to recommend this app. needs a setting to block messages from overseas phone numbers and a setting to block messages from people not on your contacts list. needs to have a setting to stop viber advertising of _cool games_ and stickers.  between the app spamming me _ the free iphone spammers i am being bombarded with messages.
_ after the _spam blocking_  update i am now getting full screen ads from viber itself advertising games_ viber can now be considered unsolicited adware _ so disappointing as i used to recommend this app. needs a setting to block messages from overseas phone numbers and a setting to block messages from people not on your contacts list. needs to have a setting to stop viber advertising of _cool games_ and stickers.  between the app spamming me _ the free iphone spammers i am being bombarded with messages.
everyday now for well over a week you have won an iphone you won an ipad and then theres the constant advertising_ something needs to be done asap_
would have rated it 5 stars prior to update. now i can not send pics or video chat.  _will fix rating when app works as advertised_
i use whatsapp, skype and viber. works well as advertised.
hate,hate,hate it_  messages are sent in clear text through the network. my colleague with the right tools was reading personal messages when i was on the wifi at work_ _we work in the it department_. no ability to block messages from people not in your contacts, i now get random spam messages advertising or selling some crap. very annoying_ i'd uninstall but family and friends use this to message me...  i'm sure this used to have the option to block all messages from 'non_contacts'_
it's only about the ads nowadays it seems, full of them in the program then received in messages and on top of that i'm suggested to buy stickers and stuff in the app.
one big problem_ it's easy to inadvertently touch the location_sending triangle next to the _send_ button and send your home location out. this needs a confirmation box_ ... viber is very similar to line. viber also works fine on both a phone and a tablet. i freely switch back and fourth. line can't do that. ...  viber support has promptly replied to my questions as well.
viber works as advertised if  the party you are calling also has viber installed on their phone or computer.  otherwise, viber is not much different than numerous other voip apps.
i am getting spammed by ads from russian sms' asking to go to their risky websites to win iphone 6's, as well as other phishing sms' saying they have photos of me go to their sites etc. if you believe that then you might be in trouble. how do they get your number you might ask_ they must get it from vibers servers where they store all of your contact numbers _read the user agreement_. i was even getting spammed on a brand new number on a new viber account. if you worry about security don't download.
works great _ but since a couple of weeks_months im getting messages from random people for advertisement... this spam is really annoying as i can only block a number once it writes to me, not stop getting spammed all together... please make an option to only receive messages from contacts _ i can hardly use the app any more because of this...
even if i have turned off viber in _that allows every call to come through viber_ it still doesn't let me get all my calls and if the internet is low i can't even speak with the caller_ that is completely dump.i' ve been losing my calls and i don't even know it. second,lately i've been receiving messages from numbers i don't know that advertise stuff.are we serious_
used to be decent. now it's just a constant spam stream and advertisement of useless stickers. whatsapp is way above in quality.
i keep getting spammed with advertising. please sort this out.
recently there have been a lot of spam messages sent to me with ads from unknown sender number. please make an option so that i can only receive messages from people in my contact list.
i see you updated. just not the right feature. i repeat... it might seem unfair to give one star to an app i really like, but this is how strongly i feel about this issue. for everyone's sake i want an option to block all unknown contacts. i hate spam, whether it's an ad for a phone or someone with a dodgy proposition. i don't even want to see them pop up with the option to block_ i just want them gone. give me this option in settings and you get 5 stars. who's with me_
since most recent update in august 2015, cannot make or receive calls and video camera will not work. causes my galaxy s4 to freeze and crash, rebooting on its own. piece of junk now. i do not recommend installing viber. it is a hog and does not function as advertised. needs someone with intelligence to fix the buggy update. avoid this app.
now starting to  get ads for ray_ban and crossbody.  bags. i only use with one person.
just recently, started to receive ads from someone called emily from viber i assume. anyway app deleted.
you'll get tons of advertising and spam if you use this app. till the extended you are bombarded daily. use other apps. viber's connection and clarity is not that fantastic anyway. summary_ disappointing and annoying app.
had to block so many unknown numbers with flake apple_iphone _ prize wins_ and other such ads, it as ridiculous. messages appeared on unlocked phone by default.
this used to be great, but whatsapp is better.....for all except videocalls. also, with business going down, viber is allowing lots of spam advertising. its only pushing consumers away faster.
works as advertised. i use it as a secondary messaging app.
finally decided to uninstall this app. i used to love viber and even put up with the annoying _stickers_ advertised all over the app as i understand they have to make money somehow. the fact that i have been receiving more and more scam messages like _you have won _1k..._ _even though i've selected the in_app option to stop messages from unknown contacts_ and viber doesn't do anything about it shows that they no longer care about the user security and making an useable app. i hope this changes but for now, i'm out.
sick of the constant spam messages and viber ads. clean your service up. uninstalled
too much advertising coming thru. annoying
used to really enjoy using this app, lately too much spam and advertising being sent to me. constantly blocking the sender's numbers, but spam arrives from different number. i am going to remove app if spamming is not fixed soon.
i really like this app. this is what i use if i run out of load. what i don't like is that it automatically runs secretly in the background when i turn on the wifi, it would show people that i'm online when i don't want to. also, viber's emojis look pretty weird to me. my friends and i end up making our own emoticons 'cos we always cringe at viber's stock emoji. there's also the issue with the sticker pack and game ads. i personally find them annoying. there should be an option to disable them.
hate it they block my no. coz of sme idiots false statement..nvr let me use my same no. ad nw al my friends cnt contact me dis iz bulshit app. smebody suggest me sme othr gud app plz
if you add a one by one widget it will be more use full and remove ads to
good app and love free texting. i mean who doesn't_ the only flaw i have with this app is that i keep getting ads in the form of messages and it's annoying. it constantly keeps coming in. just today i kept on getting notified by apple ads. so it would be helpful if you could block all the ads that come in the form of messages. i gotta manually keep blocking the number because i'm so sick of seeing the same message again from different ads. that's why i rate this 4 stars.
a good app despite annoying advertising but what really spoils it is that viber allows incoming spam messages from people not on your contact list despite numerous requests from users to block them
title says it all. works as advertised, but i hate looking at it.
it might seem unfair to give one star to an app i really like, but this is how strongly i feel about this issue. for everyone's sake i want an option to block all unknown contacts. i hate spam, whether it's an ad for a phone or someone with a dodgy proposition. i don't even want to see them pop up with the option to block_ i just want them gone. give me this option in settings and you get 5 stars. who's with me_
works great _ but since a couple of weeks_months im getting messages from random people for advertisement... this spam is really annoying as i can only block a number once it writes to me, not stop getting spammed all together... please make an option to only receive messages from contacts _
works great _ but since a couple of weeks_months im getting messages from random people for advertisement... this spam is really annoying as i can only block a number once it writes to me, not stop getting spammed all together... please make an option to only receive messages from contacts _
medium quality, annoying text chst from advertising firms and those bloody stickers polling up left right and center
inundated with adverts and other things to my number. i am better off without the app
works great _ but since a couple of weeks_months im getting messages from random people for advertisement... this spam is really annoying as i can only block a number once it writes to me, not stop getting spammed all together...
recently started receiving endless ads so just uninstalled.
messages are sent in clear text through the network. my colleague with the right tools was reading personal messages when i was on the wifi at work_ _we work in the it department_. no ability to block messages from people not in your contacts, i now get random spam messages advertising or selling some crap. very annoying_ i'd uninstall but family and friends use this to message me...  i'm sure this used to have the option to block all messages from 'non_contacts'_
too many nonsense unnecessary messages.  draw the line at _this person wants to chat to you_ like a date ad
keep getting spammed by people trying to sell me everything from sunglasses to offers of earning extra income in my spare time. i don't mind the odd advert but this is not acceptable.
seems to be getting a lot of random 'advert' messages from mobile numbers trying to sell me services etc. will check settings to see if there's a global option to block 'unknowns' otherwise a really great app will 5 star if i can add anonymous rejections
maybe you have to find another way for monetization_ app is full of unnecessary functions and ads, connection quality is not that good_
too many ads popping up in my notifications which is really annoying
viber now has ads contacting you via text message in viber.  one such of these is rayban.  i wasn't interested,  so i blocked it.  last night my mobile started  dinging at midnight when i was sleeping... which woke me up.  thinking it must be an emergency,  i jumped up _ only to find the rayban advert was back again and trying to sell to me at midnight.  not good.  just dropping off to sleep,  then my husbands phone wakes us up with the same stupid rayban text advert _which he had also blocked_.
viber now has ads contacting you via text message in viber.  one such of these is rayban.  i wasn't interested,  so i blocked it.  last night my mobile started  dinging at midnight when i was sleeping... which woke me up.  thinking it must be an emergency,  i jumped up _ only to find the rayban advert was back again and trying to sell to me at midnight.  not good.  just dropping off to sleep,  then my husbands phone wakes us up with the same stupid rayban text advert _which he had also blocked_.
we are now receiving messages with ads_ viber, think it again, there are no ads on whatsapp...
advertising says free  international calling once downloaded says buy viber credits to make call...  talk about false advertising
spammy ads ruined this app for me. avoid
deleting_ last few weeks i have been getting random numbers sending me advertising_spam messages. they all have links to websites i've never heard of. viber need to sort out a filter as i'm blocking the numbers then just getting them from new numbers_
too many adverts came through
i have viber but ad card spoilt and everything lost
excellent call quality, chat is responsive, and the interface is clean and fast. there aren't any annoying ads that block your way either_ great app_
keep receiving junk text messages through viber. same as wife. was good for video calls but not worth keeping with the scams and adverts that get messaged all the time. delete_
ad above
i dont like that it sends advertisement instant messages at least twice a day. it was annoying so i uninstalled.
in estonia,  viber allows local spammers that are not on my contact list send advertising messages. sometimes there will be the 'block the sender' button, but there is no such option in the privacy settings as 'block messages from any unauthorised senders', so i am uninstalling viber for good.
my notification bar is not your ad space_ i don't give a crap about some _stickers_.
finally_ a chat program that has all the features i've been looking for and works as advertised. my fianc_e has a few issues on the windows phone which keeps from 5 stars but over all an excellent app.
messages from anonymous or unknown people. ads. hate them.
it has become an advertisment app and i receive to many messages from unknown people trying to sell something etc... uninstalled
outstanding apps without ads.  i like this app very much it rockzzzzzz
messages from anonymous or unknown people. ads.
too many ads. notification doesn't work on my phone. time to migrate to competitors. serving your shareholders first hey_
every week there were some new free stickers in the beginning. its been a while now. now they are just ads for new movies, shows, artists etc. more free adult stickers please.
good rates, and clear calls_ does just what it advertises.
recently i was texted by someone on viber who was a stranger to me. i was just wondering whether you have been selling people's to companies because an odd site was advertised. i shan't mention what kind of site because of the pegi 3. please inform whether you are or not because my suspicion was that the person used viber. that is all
god for family _ friend groups. but find no way to stop messages from not_in_contact list, usually ad ones.
rather than enhancing sticker menu, you'd better focus on upgrading app for lollipop. maybe some material design_ particularly the notifications performance on a lockscreen. swipe away to clear notification and new banner notification support in lollipop needed.  and please don't annoy me with the game banner ad at the bottom.
you once were amazing...until manny pacquiao advertised you in a fight _ it all went downhill from there. txts lag all the time now _sometimes for 20mins_ please fix this or i'm breaking up with you.
it's far better than whatsapp. both voice and video calls are pretty clear. only advantage of whatsapp over viber is no ad.
works as advertised but i have an echo and delay when making calls.
have to buy credits to use. _free calls and texts to anyone anywhere_ false advertising this app is bull crap.
i was getting so annoyed with google hangouts and textplus not having clear phonecalls and not being able to use keypad during calls to select through menues that i got fed up and decided to use viber. i am pleased to say that viber is much better and everything works as advertised _
i love this app. it was fantastic for communicating by text or phone when overseas. but, entering a text message is really cumbersome. you only get 2 lines of text to see your message. scrolling to edit the message with my big fingers is clumsy at best and if you dare put your finger too far to  the right, the message gets sent before you have finished or edited it. your biggest competitor uses all that real estate above the text line as the message grows and you can read what you have typed very easily. i suggest you do something similar so users can read the messages they are typing. also, moving the send button somewhere else to avoid inadvertently sending the message prematurely would be a big improvement. if you fix this then you have  the competition beat, but at the moment you are just one of many to pick from, hence my 3 star rating instead of 5.
ask the developers to make the function the user banned. now there is a lot of spam mailings, and just do it with advertising message illicit drugs
sets advertapp application to perform tasks, and earn real money in the account invitation code 4t6ho
earn lying on the couch_ drill application globe mobile phone or pc_ when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. the app is great _
advertapp application download other applications, and you get the money that can be transferred to the balance of the phone when you log into the application to enter a code and get 1r2sb 3 rubles from me
i appforlnstall recommend the application. entering onws code and get 3 rubles on your account immediately._ also recommend globe mobayl.denezhka drips for viewing ads. regestriruyas prefilled invited gashik57 will be in the same team_
a huge plus for having a version for the computer, and two minus of excess advertising labuda and no search for histori.
there is a great app for advertapp make money. invitation code_ 9w7ge
earn lying on the couch_ drill application globe mobile phone or pc_ when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. the app is great _
more and more ads, call not clear _
as for me excellent apka above all with free calls and without onerous advertising'm just curious as it is ringing, without wifi bearing only internet sim card or a pol 2g _ 3g _ or 4g will be a lot of money darlo or mb package internet network heyah.
the class of the program_ and for those who want to earn viewing advertisements with phone svoegr i recommend skachyat with market_ globe_mobile and sign up on the invitation_ zlat888 going strong team with earnings of up to 82 euros per day_ join us and invite your friends_
advertapp application download other applications, and you get the money that can be transferred to the balance of the phone when you log into the application to enter a code and get 1r2sb 3 rubles from me
there is a great app for zarobotka called globus_mobile. i do not need anything. just close the advertising that comes when you unlock the screen, and all dripping denezhka _ when you register you can enter the name of the invited _ ivo _. either zaguglit_ ivo.globus_inter p.s.ne require any investment, let's get together, that's enough to look at how others do it_
there superzarabotok, globe mobile without attachments for viewing of advertising images, get paid evro.mozhno transfer into your account banka.prilozhenie card works in the background on your phone, tablet, kompyutere.odin like your account and do not need anything popolnilsya.delat .vvodite name alik invited without it zapustite.stroyte your income as you like, no heads and other zamorochek.udachi my data inside, write help sovetom.alik _alex_
the main thing is not to do anything nado.prosto look at advertising razblokiroyke phone and get money for schet.rabotaet hundred percent_ i earn on it for 12 euros a den.vyvodit money also without problem.vstav login when registering mocart70 and get a bonus.
each version do more and better. the support _when sending e_mail_ is elusive and formidable. no complaints _ until synchronization from the mobile to the pc viber is admirable. and all for free and without advertising puffiness or swelling premium .. congratulations _
earn lying on the couch_ drill application globe mobile phone or pc_ when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. the app is great _
do you want to earn a euro holding in his hands a smartphone tablet, iphone or aypad or working on a pc _ from you need to just close the window pop_up advertising _ download the app to play market globus mobile _ register and be sure to provide the login invite kkatrin and begin to receive bonuses in euros. start earning money with me closing the advertising window after screen unlock. annex just super_ _
more and more ads, call not clear _
earn lying on the couch_ drill application globe mobile phone or pc_ when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. the app is great _
globus. globe mob, a global information provider. by participating in the online community globus you zarabatyvaetedengi on advertising just looking at it when you start your phone and then closing it. connecting obsalyutno free program is available in pleymarkete. _russ42_ my nickname is required for registration. good luck_
do you want extra income without investment_ join the team at globus mobile, please register under the name serega4131 start earning easy to view advertisements and earn at the expense of euro _ support and advice on gmail.
what program spoiled pop_up ads have to remove ..... sorry ...
earn to mobile_ it's easy_ install advertapp, enter code 3k3eq and get me immediately 3 rubles_ verified _ works.
since now it's still free i like the program if it stay so i will use it_ and about the emotions and games i don't use it so not need them and no ads that's cool.
there is an excellent program with globe mobile earn on advertising my nickname specify when registering alvar77i get bonus
_ in play market appendix is excellent _globe mobile_ _write in the search_. installing a main besides him, do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive ads that appear when you unlock the screen, becoming laik, get more money_ currency in euros_ upon registration in the field _who are invited,_ enter_ andreikamal and start earning_ _
there is an excellent globus_mobile application_ they do not need to do anything at all, there denyushek pay for what you stavish huskies on advertising that comes with the release of bodies. planche ... and nothing zakachevat do not_ and most importantly when registering enter my login laylay as there will not turn up without inviter.
still noise _ echo much. a lot of ads. very poor quality of voice calls
download globe and get money for advertising, i expect you and i invite all of you here is my login agent9595
there are applications for earnings nazyvaetsya globus mobile. earn just looking advertising. upon check in the box who invited you to specify get346
earn lying on the couch_ drill application globe mobile phone or pc_ when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. the app is great _
great app_ _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything_ just look unobtrusive advertising banner that appears when you unlock the screen on your phone or pc, puts and gets laik denezhku.valyuta in euros. when registering, specify _osiris74_
there is a great app _mobile globe of play marketa_ and most importantly to set do not need anything, just look nenavyazchivayu advertising that appears when you unlock the screen, you put like and get denezhku.chtoby profit was more than invite your friends, acquaintances, etc. currencies euro_ home enter when registering_ samusov and start earning_
i would like to see the function _mark as spam_ did not come to advertising messages.
the only negative besides advertising. but this does not change the assessment of the _advertising _ the motor trade_
you want to earn while lying on the couch_ drill globe mobile app on your phone or pc_ when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. start earning money with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. the app is great _
great app, but that's another globe mob to do that does not have to look through ads put like and earn up to 15 euros per day. when you enter the name of regisratsii serg6732, all really works. have fun, meet the team.
from day update is disconnected skeptical, expecting soon to review the ad.
there is an application on android, called globus mobile. when installation and registration, you will start to come advertising on smartphone when you unlock. accordingly, the money accrued. golden mountains do not expect, given that you're not doing anything, it is not even bad. join now. i do not force, just someone that's not difficult_ sobaka1996. thank you.
do you want to earn up to 50 euros per day, virtually nothing, just laykaesh unobtrusive advertising. rock mobile globe program, enter login invited marri10 and get into my team, adds, and together we will make real money. have problems, please contact us by e_mail, help than i can
advertising remove
k using dc error correction jumper j e dau di ak e ad can dnag this application lam
best earnings on android _globe_mobile_, and most importantly no need to install nothing, input invitation code _a24_ and start earning_ just look at the ads nenavyazchivayu razblokirovki click on the cross and all_ pay in euros_ output for webmoney and paypal_
remove ads from vibera, terribly interfere with already disgusted use
good prilozhenie.vse satisfied except advertising soobscheniy.z7x9r
you want to earn while lying on the couch_ drill globe mobile app on your phone or pc_ when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. start earning money with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. the app is great _
when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. class app _
ale_ people, advertarr _ the most profitable app for earnings in playmarkete_
now comes the spam, where spam to advertise viber
if i can help someone in an online game to please advertisements on 031 254 170. please, i need you.
i take a long time, and he never failed_ most in my opinion the best app to communicate _ calls, video calls, free correspondence _if there is wifi_, a bunch of clear stickers. simply paradise_ is not it_ vayber, i adore you_ you can create a group, change the background correspondence_ nyayayaya_ _ _ and further. i appeal to the people who write comments. enough advertising globus mobile _ zadolbali already _ what tip do not look _ everywhere advertising this app _ disgusting_ people_ we are people too_ and we are not stupid_ find yourself
install zigzag application. get more bonuses, enters the number 7908 2590763. see ads 7sekund, answer the call. only in this case will add a coin 31 kopecks. a trifle, but nice_ you just spend the time, took out of his pocket, open the case. spend time with benefits_ _
please stop sending me stickers ad. i already turn off all the notification. thank you. i'm not sorry.
stop spamming me with stupid notifications_ i'm a very busy man. i don't have time for your ads and stickers_
enough for two days. clueless advertising calls comes in a variety of aspects. he demolished.
why not have the same confirmation code ad
download advert mobile and earn 300 rubles a day_ it really works_ by installing, enter the code 2k4dx good luck _
a3b5g but i like it. yes, that's saying that advertising appears. this is certainly bad. zaebyvaet.
i'm shocked _ awesome app. shakes prilrzhenie advertapp and make money on the account. my key invitations_ 8e7hy
after installing the smart and hung out on the full screen ads. ohrenet never happened
when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. the app is super _
crummy was sent ponslnya tp udh g ad blsn verification code ..
ale_ people, advertarr _ the most profitable app for earnings in playmarkete_
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive advertising banner that appears when you unlock the screen on your phone or pc, to put like and get more money_ currency in euros_ when become lead _olegon74_ and start earning_
advertising is everywhere_ why then the game_ i understand that for the sake of profit, but then immediately add the discussion and photo albums. steeper classmates get ... do not you dig there, guys. i use solely for the sake of simplicity and desktop client. but if the development goes in such a way, a better alternative would be over skype. and now vatsap a web muzzle ... vayber soon become classmates.
the app is excellent. more all advise advertapp, in this application, the money paid every den.pri registration write code inviting _2a5mm_ and has already received the first money today. i've already paid 500 rubles a day giving 15 minutes of your time.
everything was good and i was pleased there was no advertising and spam. but now it begins to come with different numbers advertising about finding a job, etc. your application with 5 stars rating instantly drops to 1, only for advertising and spam.
when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. the app is super _
why ask me to add a credit for viber out call...  false advertising 
there advertapp cool application downloadable games and get the money administered under 6p1di input and earn up to a day 50rubley
i want to invite to the globus_mobile. an application for viewing ads where you get your penny. everything we own and use a smart application stumble on advertising, you want to close, and we do it for free. closing of advertising in the globus_mobile brings us money. investing does not need anything. simply download the app store in the _globus_mobile_, read and sign. all_ when you register you need to specify who invited you. my nik_ makden
i want to invite to the globus_mobile. an application for viewing ads where you get your penny. everything we own and use a smart application stumble on advertising, you want to close, and we do it for free. closing of advertising in the globus_mobile brings us money. investing does not need anything. simply download the app store in the _globus_mobile_, read and sign. all_ when you register you need to specify who invited you. my nik_ makden
many advertising and smilies are lowered and tilda alone, not like before, back down xq talk to my hnos with this x program now to find a better _ evil_
great app_ but there is also a great app for your _globe mobile_ and the main thing is not to install anything nuzhno.pri unlock screen out non_intrusive advertising, you put like and get more money_ in evro.pri registration enter _zenda8_ and start earning.
globus mobile, it's just a kick_ the coolest earnings_ on android and pc, the bottom line is that you have when the phone is unlocking the screen displays advertising and you just press the _thumbs up_, i had a good team_ each day a great salary, join and you _the registration enter the one who invited you, you write rebook.udachi, super earnings_
hi guys_ a great app for viewing the passive earnings on advertising, without tension _ works really_ mobile app globe .dobavlyaytes the team, we have doubled the payment, check_writing invited dimarik8672, good luck to us_
when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 and get a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ a head installing there nothing to, just smotrish unobtrusive ads kotoroya pojavljaetsja at unlock the screen, stavish like and poluchaesh money_ currency in euros_ when registering, enter vadim746287 and start earning_
a pile of unnecessary notifications and advertisements everywhere, now even stickers to download illegally has become, it is already too much.
it became popping up ads on the entire screen _ delete this bullshit_
there is a good application globus mobile_ no investment, you can earn 15 euro a day just for the view, unobtrusive ads when unlocking the screen. when registering, specify the name of the invited shurik7351 and start earning. good luck_
or via de ad oi
advertarr _ answers _ ale_ the most profitable app for earnings in playmarkete_
the viber contain viruses and cause problems when you call or your phone ie we can not unintentional or inadvertent delete and perform a hard reset
just class. but there are some nedastatki them very much like bezkontsa advertisement pops
best earnings on android _globe_mobile_, and most importantly no need to install nothing, input invitation code _a24_ and start earning_ just look at the ads nenavyazchivayu razblokirovki click on the cross and all_ pay in euros_ output for webmoney and paypal_
that advertisement, then a setup with stickers and then loaded for half an hour.
when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 and get a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking.
so all is well but it is necessary only to remove ads
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive advertising banner that appears when you unlock the screen on your phone or pc, to put like and get more money_ currency in euros_ when become lead _olegon74_ and start earning_
the app is super, only prevent advertising
cool app, and even advertapp have just fucking .. download constitute 5w9xq promotion code and free all earn real money .. try .. thank me yet
as soon as i installed my phone kept ringing from for two rings from about 3 different numbers.  this kept going for 5 minutes until i put my phone into airplane mode. i then exited viber but kept getting advertising and spam notifications even though i was not meant to be logged in. this software is the worst of the internet.
advertisement got ... guys, i know we must make ... but nerves are more expensive_
advertising and spam are tired already. the only plus of the program _ it calls via the internet
today, i got out the window advertising with a proposal to play in the game. you are there in ebanulsya edge or where_ what nafig games in the messenger_ goodbye viber, thanks to the past. developers blunt uebashki.
download globus mobile cool theme_ and the attendants can raise and printsepe the one who has more friends in even more attendants_ the bottom line is that when rrozblakiruesh phone advertising takes off and flick of her finger to cancel_ and your sch_t refilled_ and so each time as soon as you turn on your smartphone_ when you read the registration statement for more understanding of the program. during registration enter the name of the inviter iscra2 before the meeting in the application. if something is not clear you will always inform smozhyte chatting.
there is a cool application downloading games earn come link go.advertapp.ru_6p1di
here it is possible for free to earn money and spend it in the games, to pay for paid apps_ just when the gadget screen viewing ads appeared on the show ekrane.posle euros on your personal account. during registration, the first field to write who invited you. without it, the registration will not work _ write my nickname vystrel and invite more to us in a team of people will be swimming in money _
i can advise another, globe mobile, visit, read, delve, but in general, nothing complicated, without any investments earn money, a little bit a little bit, but still, after you install this application, you start to come advertisements, t. e. you will unlock the screen and see the ad click the class for its view money and dripping, to attract other users, you will be charged the same percentage of their view of advertising, for registration using my nickname military
i can advise another, globe mobile, visit, read, delve, but in general, nothing complicated, without any investments earn money, a little bit a little bit, but still, after you install this application, you start to come advertisements, t. e. you will unlock the screen and see the ad click the class for its view money and dripping, to attract other users, you will be charged the same percentage of their view of advertising, for registration using my nickname military
add all sorts of rubbish in the form of games and software eats more memory and slows down. i delete, which is a pity. and more advertising and rushing.
advertising what that game ... if this is carried to prodolzhatsya_ ebony_ neher i shove your spam_ if i want to find myself poigrat_ himself what i want.
receive spam messages from unknown contacts. advertising and shit.
begin making 1.installing globus mobile 2. register 3. invited prefilled hando _ie i_ 4. let's make money together. it's simple on your phone when you unlock the display of advertisements and automatically charged for each impression the money.
only got this to make video calls to speak with kids before bed time. would be fine if i didn't receive adverts though viber. not interested in your games, specials or other propaganda_ texting them to me will make me delete and find another app.
earnings in euro _ subscribe to globe mobile. join ovc2005.nichego team deal_ just close the advertising window on your phone or pc. during registration enter ovc2005 name. the best and easiest earnings _
best earnings on android _globe_mobile_, and most importantly no need to install nothing, input invitation code _a24_ and start earning_ just look at the ads nenavyazchivayu razblokirovki click on the cross and all_ pay in euros_ output for webmoney and paypal_
here reward for your computer or smartphone, computer_smartphone on _ you go in euro finance_ see advertisement on pc smarfone, tablets and earn euros_ the program looks paid advertising, but you get the money
vllv there is a great app _globe mobile_, allows you to earn on the internet when you view advertising download the program to play the brand when registering prefilled vllv.
there is a program out there advertapp can make money on your account simply enter when registering 9f6ep
here it is possible for free to earn money and spend it in the games, to pay for paid apps_ just when the gadget screen viewing ads appeared on the show ekrane.posle euros on your personal account. during registration, the first field to write who invited you. without it, the registration will not work _ write my nickname vystrel and invite more to us in a team of people will be swimming in money _
works as advertised. i noticed a huge battery drain when i updated to lollipop. hope they fix it soon.
i use it all over the world   works like advertised
star nhap duoc sdt ak ko ad
torment advertising today, i shall come vyskochet current, the current will go out again vyskochet
attention_ make your phone or tablet to work for you_ just free download advertapp program, then when entering enter code 8w0ch and get your money first, and then pass the job in the _new_ and earn job_supplemented and updated throughout the day_ invite your friends and acquaintances, share this information with all and each guest receives 10_ of his team_ this is not spam_ go for it_ good luck_ and for write_ ya.weko_ya.ru marked _advert app_
remove .turn inadvertently downloaded and can not enter _ wrote an incorrect activation code _ why _
excellent app. without investments. no expenditure. install the app and earn. view advertising when unlocking the screen. payment in euros. during registration enter_ aleksandr86
when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 and get a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking
last time, i do not know who has not moved on this program. but programmers also not lost loot hack with advertising and vparivaniya tipo nakleechek and similar crap. not pozortes_clean this crap and make the application legche.a votsap crush you.
dear developers, to do so if you go with vibera, the warning did not come when you turn on the internet. and smaller advertising please.
developers_ add a button _to receive messages only from senders of my contacts._ ad spam very annoying and useless ban senders
when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 and get a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking
remove the pop_up ads on the stickers on the main screen, or you buy the app, there is no such possibility_ stickers i do not need i do not use_
ad for log e e hoi stars sdt k dc
stable operation, even holding a conversation with the edge connection. surprisingly there is an exit button_ messages come as desktop and mobile phone. when you will be able to send files_ and send them to the most popular cloud services_ it would be less intrusive advertising stickers. what are the sounds of incoming messages even when the screen is turned on, a question what if i already see_ dolby and the internet does not sleep even when the phone in airplane mode, battery consumption increases somewhere in the third.
when registration is required to write to invite you login druga_ privet84 and get a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking
there is an excellent application _globe mobile_ above unnecessary to install anything, just looks unobtrusive ads that appear when you unlock the screen, becoming the like and get more money_ the euro_ when registering, enter_ gryga and start earning_
how to add a user to the blacklist_ there are problems with spam _ a phone number, which is tied to the account viber, apparently hit with spam lists. as a result, viber spam comes even with pictures. advertising send out the same account, they decided to ban problem. but to find such a function in android_version failed.
earnings. advertapp download the app, enter the code in 4y4sx gift get 3 rubles to the account. withdrawal phone. your task will be to download the application from the play store, and get paid for it. proven to work without cheating ... ability to work in a system of referrals_
the _globe mobile_ pay_per_view advertising. set does not need anything, just watch and earn. during registration enter_ alen4ik777. we are waiting for our team_
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive ads that appear when you unlock the screen, becoming the like and get more money_ currency in euros_ when become lead _olegon74_ and start earning_
do you want to earn up to 50 euros per day, virtually nothing, just laykaesh unobtrusive advertising. rock mobile globe program, enter login invited sergey38 and get into my team, adds, and together we will make real money. have problems, please contact us by e_mail, help than i can
previously, only vayber spam. now, with the left_wing rooms started coming advertising and the rest of the trash
here it is possible for free to earn money and spend it in the games, to pay for paid apps_ just when the gadget screen viewing ads appeared on the show ekrane.posle euros on your personal account. during registration, the first field to write who invited you. without it, the registration will not work _ write my nickname vystrel and invite more to us in a team of people will be swimming in money _
all such advertising, very awesome _ clearly beautiful video call, please thousand authors thank _
j'ad'or ..sur ma tab m_dion
advertapp application. 3a2kv code at the entrance. all russian and easy withdrawals. and apptrack application code w1738.
developed_ add the _do not take from unknown numbers_ button_ advertisement taxi pulled spam _
great program_ the only bit_perfect call quality _it is not hd_ .a still invite everyone to earn online advertapp at registration enter the bonus code 5c3df and get 5 rubles to the account_
during registration enter uninvited guest nkolai8 nezaregestriruetes there should be nothing to download pay per view advertising
q foreign connections are free but have q buy credits, false advertising ... just unfortunate ...
i hate advertising. especially when it passes next to adaway
buc i do not have the activation code when this code of advertising or more persons work
puts me some shit of user photos msm.fotke that i never saw in the gallery and saw some shit and advertising takes me a terrible start all that baguje fon ... this is okay for some type of correspondence but let's be honest who really witnessed over viber for more than 2minutes immediately the network is poor and only those usera of groupa horrible means speechless i swear better wap mimion puta
please tell me, well, i understand advertising, and why do i need ever come reports of loan proposals _ _ answer _
down advertisement
here there is a program _globe mobile_ in her dripping money for viewing ads. when registering, specify matematik this is me. it's time to bend the world for themselves. good luck to all.
you are about _ me from play market is 25_ of the games and all sorts of applications do not work well with friends norms for th f _ ispravte tired and advertising of all applications vytoschite _ _ _ _ _ _
_ there are excellent annex _globus_mobile_ .a main install anything not necessary, just look unobtrusive ads that appear when you unlock the screen, becoming the like and get more money_ currency in eur _ during registration enter zagorodny and start earning_
it's time to make friends you blacklisted. annoying ads and climbed here.
excellent app, and there is still a cool application globe_mobile. simply browse ads laykaesh and get paid for it. when you register you must enter the login person invited you login82
do you want to earn up to 50 euros per day, virtually nothing, just laykaesh unobtrusive advertising. rock mobile globe program, enter login invited sergey38 and get into my team, adds, and together we will make real money. have problems, please contact us by e_mail, help than i can
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive ads that appear when you unlock the screen, becoming the like and get more money_ currency in euros_ when become lead _olegon74_ and start earning_
advertapp application. 3a2kv code at the entrance. all russian and easy withdrawals. and apptrack application code w1738.
the app is a blast, but many crashes. fix it. when a friend calls me it does not show it. fix everything. the worst is that constant ads climb.
why only spam and advertising in the top of comments_
keep your photo flies. do not disconnect the sound and vibration. when synchronizing on the speakerphone in a car, if the call goes through vayber phone hangs tightly. endless advertising stickers and other rubbish. cartoon design. always enabled, even if you exit. from messenger eats the most traffic. if not for several contacts, with whom he main, would remove a long time
who pays you a money when viewing non_intrusive advertising, let's make money instead, check email zaika25
was great but partner and friends contact hacked and address books hijacked by an unscrupulous advertiser. security needs to be improved_
convenient and not as demanding as skype, and no ads
friends_ hello_ my nickname _panstudio_ cool app globe mobile allows you to earn real money without any investment_ just for viewing unobtrusive ads that automatically comes when you unlock your smartphone screen_ join my team_ we will make together_ when you register in the person who invited you will not forget to enter my nickname panstudio_ all thanks in advance_ special thanks to those who have already joined our team_ good luck and all the best_ regards anton
do you want to earn up to 50 euros per day, virtually nothing, just laykaesh unobtrusive advertising. rock mobile globe program, enter login invited sergey38 and get into my team, adds, and together we will make real money. have problems, please contact us by e_mail, help than i can
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive ads that appear when you unlock the screen, becoming the like and get more money_ the euro_ during registration enter_ coolvolt and start earning _.
dear developers, restrict access to unknown numbers ... tired of advertising coming from unknown numbers to advertising. add the disabling function of the received messages from numbers outside the contacts list. thank you.
prog standards. but spam advertising started, not even enough to block numbers.
promote and sell digital advertising signage.
love it_ has never skipped a beat performs as advertised, a great app for staying in touch  cost effectively.
zenfone c ko goi dc video call ha ad
there you go _ ad bug that appears and the messages are mixed in the conversation .... so impossible to have a conversation with a contact _ rotten _
5 stars support for ad
ko ad entitled dc activation code each signup oi ... sdt, ben due toan face ko goi dc dt mjnh lai.chu activation code.
do you want to make money on the phone and netolko_ download prillozhenie with play market_ advertapp, enter invitation code_ 9m2xm and get me immediately 3 rubles. check all, only this brings money _ it's simple, ustanavlivaesh application vypolnyaesh not challenging assignments and poluchaesh real money. i wish you all good luck _
okay star ear cu ma no cover star k ad have feedback _
... but inadvertently i uninstalled and agrochemical can not download new _
i can not see the public chats _via qr_code _ access denied_, the search is only for your contacts, infa not synchronized between android and windows _although between vindofonom sinhranizirovalas and wind_. in general, working with vayber no disk imaging, only the advertising circle, all the nerves istripal. and everyone on skype can not sit still_ _android 4.2.2, vindafon 7.8, windows 7_
gr8 app but not lot of pipo have ,so i think the creator of this app should advertise it on tv
the app works fine zarobotok certainly not tens of thousands but still there it is absolutely all is simple_ clicking on banners pop_up ads and get _ .if registration on the site you need to specify a nickname person that is already registered, enter my nickname tritoha getting access to our team and to small privilege_nakopivshigsya to withdraw money, quantity banners views per day which is not unimportant factor incomes for, as well as the secrets of how you can triple your zarobotok for every second sutki.udachi_
applications globe_mobile under androyd pay money for viewing ads on your smartphone, the larger the team, the above zarobotok join, strong team stable income_ when you register you will be invited to choose a person_vortex52. globus pays_ http_vortex52.globus_inter.com
download as globus_mobile application for viewing ads on your smartphone there pay, with the euro, you want to enter a nickname to invite, write tone4ka and you will be happy_. you'll like it_ it is necessary to register a webmoney wallet euros_ ...
there is nothing free misleading advertising
there is a great app _mobile globe_, and most importantly do not need to install anything. the essence of the work is that you get paid for viewing ads on your phone or on a computer _as you wish_, that you can just shut down and do not move on to the website, the money you will still get. get you'll not millions, of course, but if you get a group of people that i am now doing, is from 1 euro and more per day can be produced. adds to my team. during registration enter_ evgnmin and start earning.
i start receiving spam and ad messages. i'll remove viber if amount  of such messages  increase
real zarabotok.zakachay currently advertapp application on android.realnye money, downloadable application or igry.toest perform tasks and get dengi.skachal game went into it, and you can look for it you udalyat.a drip dengi.valyuta rossiyskaya.provereno 100_. vebmani.v output through the day can be displayed on 50rubley.vot code to register 8s7om.srazu get bonus rubli.mozhno them immediately and bring in el.koshelek vebmani.eto fresh money every day.
the class of the program_ and for those who want to earn viewing advertisements with phone svoegr i recommend skachyat with market_ globe_mobile and sign up on the invitation_ zlat888 going strong team with earnings of up to 82 euros per day_ join us and invite your friends_
cool app. i can recommend another _ globus mobail. with it, you can earn each time the phone is unlocked _ there is advertising picture, press a class and see an increase in account balance in your account. withdrawal to webmoney. to increase the income of a referral program up to 7 levels. free application. login invited _ vladis36
guys download the prog _globus mobile_ for the earnings on advertising. in registering, specify my nickname alexdp and have 1.5 more profit, because i have a premium account without attachments. view advertising takes 1 second, without downloading and viewing of video, just a picture_
ad sahu
error 492 is s ad
do you want to earn up to 50 euros per day, virtually nothing, just laykaesh unobtrusive advertising. rock mobile globe program, enter login invited sergey38 and get into my team, adds, and together we will make real money. have problems, please contact us by e_mail, help than i can
remove ads, i do not like all contact to spam, so while 1
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive ads that appear when you unlock the screen, becoming the like and get more money_ currency in euros_ during registration enter_ antonov13 and start earning_
think about it, with how many ads you encounter during the day_ watch tv or listen to the radio_ how do you see the billboard_ you do it for free_ and if you received for each of them at least one penny _ it would give an additional dohodv your budget_ globus _ a revolutionary, democratic and social project. we appreciate you and your time, so you pay each time for viewing ads. tell a friend and get more_ during registration enter the inviting tushkan123.
why not lay activation code z ad dc oi
star k z garnered code ... so ... ad help discouraged with
please put the ads on top. it is hard on the bottom your covering the other key.
good app.. but takes too much memory.. also lots of ads n spams...
great app,fantastic  call quality and great  stickers and  video . got to say not a single bug found on my s4 i9505, definitely  worth a 5 star for that alone_ im even recommending  app to people  i know _now that's  free  advertising_  lol .keep up the great  work ,plan to install  on my tab 4 soon _
actually, i always wanted to cool in the ad as a flat have cool
should get better. i do not like advertising offers _ marketing burst. very disturbing.
ad bad download
i have been using viber for 6 months. when i installed it on my computer it removed my microphone software so i can't make calls via my computer as advertised. i also installed in on my smartphone. i could never hold or get a great connection in video or regular phone calls. at this point most people would remove such a programme, but nope l am still using it and now i discovered as i watch movies or listen to music that every time a message comes in my system crashes and_ not enough space to finish
viber _ viber out should be useful services for calling overseas _ however the sticker message ads are super annoying _ no option to sort contacts by last name makes it a frustrating experience_ fix this _ stop spamming us with ads _or just remove stickers altogether_ _ it'd be 5 stars
the new update sucks for emoticons. most of them don't work it really sucks. fix this or i'll tell all my friends that not to get viber. _i've 295 friends and you're gonna lose 295 customers_ i'm serious... fix it. great_ with the new update comes the annoying ads seriously viber_ everyone's gonna hate this.. please stop publishing those freaking ads.
1_i _ lots of my friends can not finish calls in viber_..while they wanna press red button to finish call the screen is black _ completly locked in viber calls.._ so the only way for us to finish our calls _only in viber calls_ is turnning off the phone_     2_lots of advertisment massages i gave from viber platform every day not by viber directly by others through viber daily_    3_while persia_iran is not on 'it boycotts' any more_obama said in2014_ viber banned iran _ persians in 'google play'_... _
calls are clear and no lag or interference.  behaves as you would expect. in app purchases are not in your face and no ads. 10_10 from me.
works as advertised on nexus 4. outstanding reception and voice quality most of the time.
i thank god for protecting me since i wasn't born ad stil alive
as advertised, i was expecting this to be free. but it started asking for charges from the first call.
don't advertise free calls if your service is not good enough. ps my broadband is more than capable.
i thank god for protecting me since i wasn't born ad stil alive
there are various apps,  but i still prefer viber. sound clarity has improved but video call is not available when trying to switch to video call. these stickers is placed in so crowded place. why would advertise stickers in place of downloaded stickers. this time 3 stars only.
one of the best things to have happened in the field of communication but can't make video call as advertised
this application made creating video i could use for business advertising on social media easily possible_  i have used it as well to edit videos i created on my phone,  and to have an embed code on the video to use for uploading into other of my profiles on certain sites_  this app is great_
i dont like que logo of you after uploading tge video ofline , its not fair you did not say anything about advertising , not iven on the gallery it dosent show , but after you upload it , good tools , not ok to limit 5 minutes if your going to slam your ad. in to ur videos , im already thinkimg of desinstalling your app , of you have any quiestion then ask, and ankther thing is that if you edit a video and then turn back by mistake to the main menu you will loose your 4 hours of editing.
i dont like que logo of you after uploading tge video ofline , its not fair you did not say anything about advertising , not iven on the gallery it dosent show , but after you upload it , good tools , not ok to limit 5 minutes if your going to slam your ad. in to ur videos , im already thinkimg of desinstalling your app , of you have any quiestion then ask, and ankther thing is that if you edit a video and then turn back by mistake to the main menu you will loose your 4 hours of editing.
nice smart features, tidy little adverts which don't disturb your picasso of video editing.. well done guys
i like it and it's easy to use, not many ad pop ups either
easy to add edit and use was reluctant but so glad i got this app not a ton of ads and works very fluidly
it's easy to use, you can combine multiple videos and pictures in tons of ways.that was my criteria and this handled it perfectly. you can even add music while keeping or muting the videos actual sounds. no annoying video ads just a well made app _
the app itself is good, 5 stars i'd say... but what i don't like are the notification adverts that it pops up on my phone in the middle of the night for other apps.
at first look it looks pretty impressive. but it ads watermark.
it does everything i want it to, ads aren't popping up every two seconds and it loads my changes quickly. love it_
advertised as free but it's  only bait and switch to buy their pro version. it will alow you to test 5min video. uninstalling.
nice smooth transitions and it actually has edit buttons_ all the other apps spam advertisements.
yeah its kinda nice hut sometimes some ads are showing up its irritatin
great apps, no ad, no glitch, no hang. love it for current state
i would appreciate it.thank you.a nice way to advertise your channel.please don't feel bad for using this...
worked well and is easy to learn to use. wanted to crop a video and got exactly what i wanted...except for their logo on the bottom right of the cropped video but i guess they gotta get some kind of advertisement in...lol
very good but needs less ads and add better features please
i wouldn't have downloaded this if i knew every video you create and share has ads in it.
to many ads
i use this app to enhance my artwork ads for social networking. check me out on ig_ thaartdept_adartworx
the things is,this apps did not require to buy anything to remove watermark or whatever ot is,and there s no ads required,its so helpful dor me,thanks
wwe in india, and a half. i have been in business, then i would be great if i can see that you can take up a little while, but i would like a plan of the best way to get a better deal . i was a very long, long time, but the most important things. the list of all, the first time. i have been a while. i have been a while. i have a look. if the answer is that i am not going on with your friends, but it was not a good idea to advertise your business and i am a beautiful person. yyyyyyyyw
other than their little advertisement in the right hand bottom corner, everything else is amazingly superb_
yall need 2 get dis real fast cause dis is a fun app..._ it never has glitches or ads its just perfect...idgaf what other ppl say dis da app of da year for meh_
it does everything that i need it to do and there's no ads
it crashed after i decided that it had less features than it advertised for....for instance the editing_ i can make a editing software  better than that and im 13_ yes im very good in programming but expected more grom this app....it's disappointing.
i love it so much it works well no ads
this app is probably the best video editor on android. just increase the five minute maximum export time to six or seven minutes. i know you are trying to make some money out of the ads _ which are amazing and don't bug the app like other apps _ and the people upgrading to pro, but i hope you won't mind if you increase the maximum export time for the free version.
it has many cool features _ everything works .i love itt .unlike other apps ,having to deal with advertisements,bugs ,and crappy editing.
free and i haven't seen any ads yet
i like the app and all, but what is disturbing is the logo _made by vivavideo_. might as well make a intro to advertise vivavideo. also, can't you put two videos at the same time_ that would be good...
all in all really  great  and not too many  ads. just wish  it exported faster.
very simple and without ads..
not everyone wants to ad songs and blurred edges to the movie clip.   add a smoother simple edit feature.
was exactly what i was looking for_ not too many ads or anything. _
this is not like the advert the. camara doesn't work in fx or music video there is no way to merge videos i personally don't recommend this
please ad picture inside the video or picture inside the video
would be great if not for a lame watermark.  as if ads aren't enough...
installed easily and worked as advertised
if you are looking for a quick self advertising video maker this is the one
it it s good there is no ads
every time i try and edit something an ad just comes up and it just goes back to the home page and even when i turn the internet off it still does it please fix it.
first editor to do exactly as it is supposed to. and as it advertised it would do. highly recommended with two thumbs up_
the app functions well enough for trimming video, but doesn't save the trimmed video anywhere the user can access it. it doesn't use the android sharing menu, instead it uses it's own version, to prevent you from getting access to your own video. if you use the built in sharing menu to export to youtube, it adds a big viva video watermark before uploading. i have a big problem with this. i don't want to advertise this shady app on my youtube vids. uninstalled immediately.
uninstall apk because of annoying advertising in notification bar
as advertised
more than i expected really , ad free and light , good enough_
best video editor, no problems, but when exporting finish, ads shows...
the app work okay but y'all need to fix all these ads
i edit my videos really good. no ads, no glitch, just perfection_ thanks_
no ads no glitches the best video  editing app i really really reccomend it.
it is simply superb... bt lot of ads r coming
there are no ads that pop up while you edit.  it's no pc video editing system however best moblie. really easy to use and tons of features. never crashes,  and saves drafts for you.
its no ads and it's free i wish that i would give 100 stars
absolutely amazing it definitely got the job done without any lame ads
its so perfect for video edits no bugs, glitches, ads nothing at all. the one thing i don't like is that when you add music to a video its not loud enough that's all.
no ads great app.....
needs better quilty and my phone started beaping over and over and wouldn't stop from your stupid advertisements till i uninstalled the app_
love this app. easy to use, many features options and no ads pop up. also i can combine videos and pictures.
i love it and im using it for some business advertise ,, i would love if there is more options and function .. in general it's amazing
functions as advertised
the error message kept popping up same with the advertiser if u can fix that i t would be a  5
this a really good app i been using this app for my prank videos for youtube and it works really good i'll give it a 5 and i love it i just don't  like the ads but other then that love it
i do all my video adverts from this app,  but extend a bit the width size to fit once it is played on tv
as i was using no pop up ads came up. at first i thought that it would be hard to use, but you just have to get used to it. i just wish that it had other features like making the video shake and reverse and up side down screen. when they get all that i will rate it 5 stars. it may be different on other phones. i have a  galaxy grand prime
easy to use and does exactly what it advertises
disappointed that after all the time spent editing, it's not until i actually posted my video on youtube that the vivavideo stamp showed up on the corner of my video. that's deceptive to make you think it's not there and pour out lots of time making something to have a tacky advertisement on your creation interrupting it. i understand that it's free, but they shouldn't wait till you upload the video to brand it with an ad you didn't know would be there. otherwise i would've used something else.
disappointed that after all the time spent editing, it's not until i actually posted my video on youtube that the vivavideo stamp showed up on the corner of my video. that's deceptive to make you think it's not there and pour out lots of time making something to have a tacky advertisement on your creation interrupting it. i understand that it's free, but they shouldn't wait till you upload the video to brand it with an ad you didn't know would be there. otherwise i would've used something else.
has worked as advertised.
intuitive, but don't like the white bars that reframe the shot just so the app has advertising space.
easy to use no ads so far awesome app
i use it to advertise things and i love it
user friendly and works just fine with my samsung s6 edge_ no ads _ like it_ please do maintain d apps ya. recommended
was able to ad effects and texts during videos
now i can make short ads for my small sweet shop. yay. though a little bit slow and i think still growing some emoticons, stickers or themes its still great. keep it up
it's nice but too many ads and that's what i don't to any app... and only 100 photo maximum...  and to short to make a video... it says download pro _vivavideo..._ but i loved _ this app...  _ i really love this this application.... _
if the video ad wasn't coot looking enough try the actual thing
its the perfect app because their are no bug fixes and no ads
it made me felt like i'm editing in an ad of a company thanks viva love u_
this app was not only extremely slow with whatever it did, you can only have a five minute video, or else you have to pay for it. this app advertises that it's free, but it isn't free unless you have a short video. extremely annoying and slow
this app is very good but when start making new vedio ad fx this stopped please update this
the app itself is amazing but just too many adds if you got rid of the ads it would be better than perfect _
this app is salty_ too many ads and i still can't figure out how to shake the video _
it's designed for phones but it still works on my tablet plus i have never seen so many great comment. no complaints yet. no ads. 5 stars
i loved this app...it is soo nice ad easy to use...just awesome love it...
i totaly love this app _ i have it on my tablet as well and it is just great _ there are not as much ads _ my friends and i like it because you can make a weird video with weird fotobooths .. this is great .. get this now _
the best free video editor i've found so far.  no annoying ads, great selection of filters,  easy to trim vids..
what the fuck who made this its full of advertisement what the app did you make plsss fix and get out the ads tnx
what the fuck who made this its full of advertisement what the app did you make plsss fix and get out the ads tnx
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive ads that appear when you unlock the screen, becoming the like and get more money_ currency in euros_ during registration enter_ antonov13 and start earning_
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive ads that appear when you unlock the screen, becoming the like and get more money_ currency in euros_ during registration enter_ antonov13 and start earning_
subscribe to crazycrafter0's utube channel. _cough_self_advertisement_cough_
ad 720p
thanks for replied i will try again . i wish to ad a music to _
there are only few app developers in android which do not trick you and vlc developers is one of them. there is no bullshit advertising, no useless updates now and then. best app for audio and video in my opinion.
best app for playing music or videos with no ads, perfect_
this is the best app for audio and video player. no ad...smooth running. try it....
finally a music app that can find all my music apps wherever they are on my phone and tablet, organize them, play them, transfer them easily back and forth, and be free. actually, no ads, completely wonderful app, and it's free. absolutely awesome_
i installed this app after i required a video app that has graphic equalizer controls. the graphic control was ok,nothing spectacular_the developer's should add bass and depth controls like in power amp.i was diapointed also because  there is no button to play the next video track.you cannot also play the videos continuously from a folder and it plays and reverts to the folder.it seems its designed to more conveniently play movies_which it does very well_and not music videos. the only advantage i noticed over the free mx player is the graphic equilizer and that it doesn't  have advertisements.i finally found more of what i was looking for in the app called 'video player' whose functions and interface are almost identicle to this app, but improved on.i will wait for the developer's to do something similar and then i will reinstall it.they've done a good job so far, but it needs to be improved a little to make it perfect.
edit_ does not play m4a files, wtf devs_ used to work perfectly for me, not any more..... many thanks to the devs for bringing us a no cost, ad free, play all files media player. keep up the great work..
this is the one i m looking for, good app without ad. download those who want to experience the best feeling
filled with functions nobody will ever need, no ads, open source. what else could you possibly want_
there is no need to try another video player. with vlc there are no ads or restrictions and it's totally free plus it plays almost all video formats. this player is on par with the vlc player i've been using on my pc for years and once you try vlc you won't go back to anything else.
vlc stops playing at all or just cuts or completely stops half way through any video or song ad just crashes
i was trying to find a player with full custom equalizer but whichever app i download its end up with free trial and pop up ads ,  i downloaded and then uninstall . i have vlc in laptop so i just installed it in phone and its rock n roll . 5 stars from me now i have full custom equalizer and no ads . best sound quality .
no ads, no viruses, no bullshit_  just one great video player. youll never see _unable to play audio codex_, never_ what are you waiting for_ download her now.
when i rip from a cd and put on ad card it won't play same for default music player.
no ads and picture quality great
ui beautiful than bsplayer, and no ad compare to mx player free
big sized app... make app considering low end devices also ...low end devices has not much ram _ internal memory...3 times package invalid and then i cleared some memory ....wechat is  bigger than even fb whatsapp apps ....app is also not smooth nor cool ui ...worst chatting app...make it small ....spend ur money in developers not in advertising ..
one of the popular communication app that is _lightweight_ and no ads compared to the others. wechat is more of a platform than an app.
i would really like it more if you guys can ad an 'edit' option after posting a moment.. i usually forgot to tag people i wanted to tag.. and its just a waste of time to do it all over again. so please, until then, i cant give you a 5 star.
actually need personal contacts. in particular, the mainland, about guns and butcher app and further push back, especially in the advertising circle of friends, there no payment users advertising_ followed by yourselves deleted or black, you do not know. the other is we use google play, you push the software inside your tencent game. we did not have to pay advertising costs_ serious violations of individual human rights_
thanks for the first time in the uk. i have a good idea to advertise the best way to get the best way
unlike any other app this social network don't have ad. it was easy to use and i've been using it for more than 2 years and don't have any problem about the app..
please, wechat team, stop sending me useless game invitations and advertisements, i do not care. it is already annoying that we cannot remove you from the friends list, so please stop bothering me_
the wechat help page on why people nearby is empty is not helpful. repeatedly retrying consumes excessive battery yielding results after 3 to 6 hours, and then, empty again. shake only shows arabic advertisements_ i selected english already. other gps apps work_ uninstall seems to be the only option for me_
y is the photo n sights won't show up in moment although i refresh so many time ad, fix the probs pls
too much of advertisements. huge loading time. to make it even worse, there is no option to delete account either. this is a breach of privacy and forces users to keep using their app. disgusting_
can wechat not sending us the promotion advertisement so often
its good and all but there is just one problem. everytime i use my wechat for like a couple minutes , internet pop up and showed me ads . to me , this is annoying if my browser keeps popping up while using wechat. i hope this can be solve a.s.a.p but overall its good . just that slight problem i handling . i dont if its just me or what . thank you for the help in advance. _
this application is ok for sms only but not for calling. what they advertised is a lie. calling or video calling is unavailable.
it's one of the worst applications in backup ,i hv lost all my chats by unstill the app inadvertently,even if i have files of ten cent on it device u can't restore it
update je wechat ni tros tak boleh buka..just ad gambar blan jew..nset lame..android 2.3.6
when opening we chat getting screen ads...please stop this
this app is a nightmare, it censors your message for the chinese dictators. also it runs slowly and consumes your resources in background for unknown reasons. furthermore, it overwhelm you with lots of unblockable advertisements from the _wechat team_. for those who love freedom and liberty, please use something else.
as far as i could tell the most recent update allows the app to show random irrelevant ads_with video and sounds even at vibration only mode_ every couple minutes.  their ads even pop up when i am not actively using the app, such as browsing through my other apps or do something else on my phone. this is super annoying and wechat don't get too complacent and think that users can't leave for another im app_
after update, the voice call and video call functions cannot be accessed. please fix the icons so we can see them. update.. after 6.3 wechat works as advertised. keep up the good work guys. thanks for hearing us out. _
its good and all but there is just one problem. everytime i use my wechat for like a couple minutes , internet pop up and showed me ads . to me , this is annoying if my browser keeps popping up while using wechat. i hope this can be solve a.s.a.p but overall its good . just that slight problem i handling . i dont if its just me or what . thank you for the help in advance. _
after downloading the app there are too many ads popup coming
almost no_ones profile photo is displaying. when using people nearby, it randomly selects between closest to furthest and furthest to closest. needs a lot of work to compete with other apps that needed less advertising and are way more functional
we chat does not monitor for prostitution or inappropriate language on its site. massage with perks are often advertised with no consequence_
uninstalling because of too many annoying ads with notification.
i didnt got single peny as u mentioned in it that recharge of rs 250 is available just send stickers in a group till 26 july dont cheat people for your advertise immandari se kamao jara
bull shit app. cheats people by fake advertisement on offers. when i use line app it give me free recharge offer. at the end of ten or fifteen days i can recharge by redeeming the money. in wechat it advertised 150 free recharge. but after 25 days using it, now it's asking me to install citrus app and get 50 cashback on 50 recharging for three months. i get 150 on recharging for minimum 150. i get this offer on mobikwik or other recharging apps directly. why the f_k i have to use your app to get these offers_ i don't want offers for jabong or naaptol... these offers i can get in any online websites. i am very unhappy and i am frustrated by using your app. uninstalling wechat. line is better than wechat. my suggestion is not to use wechat.
why can't i disable games in settings while i never play them_ such an irritating feature left nothing more than annoying ads.
lol wtf, i got banned because of sharing porn_advertising on drift bottle when i didn't. so i got banned for nothing_ is there a bug_
weri were you thinking of going to be a good idea to advertise the uk and ireland and the price of course the same time as the market leaders in your area of the king of the most popular games and software products and services to help me with a few days ago by the way ok the best way is fine with me and i have been made to order a new one by one of my. ......_ok
you can't do anything with ur watch which it says it does,  the 3 will b dropped if not fixed fast cuz that's false advertisement
too many nonsense ads in chinese. i am english speaker and i  think i'm getting a message and it is on advertising from we chat.
too many nonsense ads in chinese. i am english speaker and i  think i'm getting a message and it is on advertising from we chat.
works as advertised
this is 6.1 and not 6.2. supposedly, 6.2 is advertised as being _out now_, but google play store only has version 6.1. please fix this discrepency. thank you_
i would advertise for wechat.  i love it. i work with people in another country and one of my closest friends lives half a world away. this has been amazing
1_ frequent ad from official account that can't be turned off. 2_ can't share media received to other app
this is very versatile all that allow great texting and sharing of pictures and links.  very easy to use, stable and no ads or anything like that.  i highly recommend _does require a wifi connection or cell data plane to work_
easy to use and i love it_ what i like wechat to keep is don't put advertisement. as an ordinary user, we really don't hope our chat instrument full of advertisement information. keep away from advertisement and i will stick with wechat.
spam spam spam ..advertisment all  the time
you advertise _phone number linking_ as a way of protecting my account, however when i linked my phone number to make it _more secure_, i found your app reads my whole contact information without even asking any permission. you know you probably can do whatever you want in china, but in u.s. you need to respect user's privacy_ anyway, i'm an android dev myself, i did some research on the manifest permission of your app, i'm shocked to see you ask _messages _ read your text messages_, _social information _ modify your contacts, read your contacts_, _phone calls _ read phone status and identity_, _personal information_ and _accounts_. why the hell you ask so much privacy permissions_ your app is just an ordinary im and social app.  here is my request_ i've unlinked my phone number, you must delete all my contact information, phone log and sms messages  from your server database. if you don't comply, i gonna escalate this case to google.
ok,..ad video call ny juga,..
does wechat actually care about the opinions_and violation reports_if not, just get this function removed, it seems useless_ no responses about the reports but keeps sending annoying advertisement
too many ads blocking my phone's virtual keyboard i mostly need to tap the multi task icon bar of my phone and go back select this app again so it will go back to normal without ads popping up then later will come back again will be disapearring and go back again it's so irritating since the space bar and the arrow key to send are blocked by the popping up ads so i can't press them pls fix this thanks
chfalla possible to solve the problem have become ad appreciate sent a collective message came to me more than a week on this case as possible god's solution is better adzakm
very nice app.  you can control without noise ad
wow very nice ples ad me any frends
it has been part of my life.good to have no ads and no charge
one of the best and most popular app. no ads and free lifetime service.
but i hope ads won't be included as i'd prefer  to pay 99cents than have ads on my wa like bbm
a very good app no ads
this app has no ads and is cool to keep in touch with friends and family you can get free calls and it is amazing
it's everything you need in a messaging app and more. with no ads
if there were no ads
neccessary to have phone no. and no qr code id to add.very troublesome.the worst disadvantage is not free after a year.i prefer ad than paying 0.99_ per a year.i quarelled with my friends a lot with the problem,royality of group admin.and offing the alarm cannot be permanent.i cannot understand that malaysians and several countries use this app.prefer telegram,kakaotalk or line trillion times more than this hellish wicked app_
whatsapp doesn't serve you ads or read your messages to know what you like. for sgd1.28 for one whole year's use, what do you want_ how else do you expect them to pay their bills_
needless to say the best app. and the only app with no ads
update_........ so when i am typing, if i type anything that resembles a website such as youtube.co, i instantly see a foreign website of youtube which is quite worrying to me..............lately iv noticed that i am receiving adverts that flash up and disappear. in the middle of my chat i pressed enter and caught the app and it got sent to my friend. i clicked it and it says me.no it's a foreign website. i'm sure there are others but if you could look into it this would be great
every time i activate my whatsapp it says only 3 month remained and why i don't sell ads. i won't sell ads.
please come up with an idea to filter money laundering ads spam eg. filter by phrase or words please and thanks
now whatsapp has advertisement s inform rich preview
whatsapp keeps sending links and adverts to my contacts_ i'm not doing this.  is it spam or advertising by yourself or have i been hacked _
this app has no ads and is cool to keep in touch with friends
what an app_ just amazing for providing with this awesome service without any ads or banners. love your work. keep it up guys_
advertisement free messaging app... loved it... thanks whatsapp
try showing some ads up
would give it 5 stars but i don't know if you have this problem it's ads and so i gave it 4 stars _ but you should definitely get it_ _
ads window pops up..
works as advertised
what's this ad that suddenly comes up on my whatsapp messenger now_ it's getting it ugly... _
whatsapp now shows ads when you exit _
i talk to everyone on here, do everything on here from voice notes to videos and old memories from conversations. legit the best app bz there are no ads _ you don't have to pay_
now giving me ads
its strange... but why whatsapp needs ads on between... it was good before and after latest update its not good... too many ads... disgusting...
the ads keep on popping out whenever i'm using it. seriously, they must be stopped soon_
now a days there are many similar apps emerging.but,this is the still best.the best thing is that its simple and no unwanted stuffs and ads.i happily pay for it.
lots of ads everytime need to disable the pop ups for check my mails.
recently witnessed spam msgs or may be ads being added automatically while typing normal conversation.whats app only good feature was ad free conversation.seems like its time to switch now to the ad free apps
what's with the ads that keep getting sent to people on my messages please fix it pay for this
love this app. no delay, easy to use, no ads. really good_
hassle free communication, no ads  improves productivity, be connected any time any where. makes sense.
i feel rally bad to see this version is producing anonymous advertising
all was well with the update on z2..then ads started to be inserted in my replies im conversations_ functionality seems good and smoother... but really.._ ads_ time to switch to telegram_viber_
need more advertising. otherwise it rocks
ads every time
ad's q aa rhi hai whatapp per chat kr rhe hai toh automatically ad's aa rhi hai or kbi automatically playstore open ho rha hai kch bhi download hone k liye plz solve dis problem ad's remover all or automatically open playstore. etc
why now whatsapp also need a ads_before this does not have any....well,mybe should remove the ads.._
stupid app why showing ads and recommendations to users
i have updated it, after that the app shows a lot of ads, on top of that the opening a contact gets stuck sometimes. how would you respond for that_
one of the reason that i like whatsapp is that its free from ad
hike is also ads free still they don't charge any charges then why you people are applying charge_
it works perfectly and i can do all the things it advertises
while in the middle of typing wierd ads pop out of nowhere
in this new update i got any time advertisement. ...why._
this app even tells me that the information you need to be a good idea to advertise the same time.
delivers on all that it promises with no annoying adverts and works from my phone contacts so i can speak to everyone that i need to.
tacky ui, advertises my location to everyone, links my phone number, charges for the service after a year, convoluted image sending, can't use on a desktop browser. yuk.
this app has no ads, the most important thing about messenger. ads will just make it worse. and now i can pay for extend my whatsapp using google carrier billing. great job_
the texting ad voice mails been great but when i attempt to makw a phone call the app stops and shuts down freezing my phone for about 30 sec
jst stop  advertise when using whats app..
would have given 5 stars if you provided stickers as well. please ad this feature asap.
please ad the _like_ option button for whats app profile photo... it will very healthy for all...
don't like the free ads more are adult related
for a dollar per year ad free messenger, whatsapp is my best option.
all the people who are in world should download whatsapp because it is very easy to message, no ads thanks very much to whatsapp team.but one request please optimize it because it always slow when opening any chat.i am having samsung galaxy s6 edge_.the grateful thanks to whatsapp team.
spam ads whenever i open my messages
very nice and easy to use app. best thing it's ads free. just stickers are missing, additionally i am using a dual sim handset but i cant use both no's on whatsapp simultaneously, pls allow user to use two account on same handset. that's the only reason i'm giving it 4 stars, otherwise perfect social app.
always irritating with ads i never seen such a worst app showing ads to download second to second. i can't chat even with friends. what happens to what's apo i don't know
life became easier. but make it free and ad free like other similar apps.
whatsapp. please build a feature that asks for an invited individuals _permission_ before being added to a group and being bombarded by unsolicited advertisement msgs. ur all good with other things but this is a serious lapse in terms of privacy and is very annoying
no fuss messaging with no ads
i think whatsapp is selling ads from recent update so its time to telegram_make in india_
fuctionality, simplicity, does as advertised, real time msgs, talk to some friends in trinidad and other places with no issues ever. thanks._
worth the _. 99 not to have to fight the ads. thank you for that, y'all.
after downloading images from sender's it is showing _sorry this media file doesn't exist on your ad card_ neither i had deleted nor moved those images. need help urgently
the only thing that you have a good idea to advertise with us and we'll send them to you. i have been in touch with use of the king of your
without an ads..  without stupid broadcast message who annoying me_ its work best..
it's a nice app but what's with the adverts that keep popping up on my phone screen every noe and then_ is that a new feature because it hate it. is it just on my phone or other app users_ please people help_
it's a very lmportent app in this section of this message will have a good idea to advertise the app
can you enhance it in a way that user can control who sends messages as now, a total stranger can just message me and bombard me with advertisement. and all this from different numbers.
simple interface . kudos for not trying to make it jazzy and keeping it this way for 5_ years and best of all _ no advertisements .
what to say....amazing.... ads free...
how can one stop this your motherfucken ads...._ really annoying n disgusting
ads_ 12 seconds ads while i am using whatsapp. what is it_ corrupt file update. check into it please.
i absolutely love the different emohis. sensitive as children can take their sensitive ads sensitivities and eat a dick. keep it up whatsapp and keep improving. that's all i ask. the call system needs a lot of work and we would love a video call option but u need to iron it out. stickers are also cool.  p.s if someone thinks that emojis are racist. they are moronic lol.
why is there ads popping up_ very irritating pls remove
since the last update and im noticing some weird behavior from whatsapp. when im using whatsapp suddenly a web page opens by itself or the google play store opens by itself also on a game page to download_ please give some explanation if your are having ads on whatsapp now.
new watsap keeps loading ads and taking me to the play store too frequently. very bad
it's seriously bad ads everywhere you can't even type without a ad appearing speak of irritating _
this app is ok, but to make real money, you need to get advertapp_ there i made like 15_ per day with no affords at all.
please u must ad flag of pakistan.. there are millions of ppl using what'sapp here. like come on
why now it shows some junk advertisement when i quit its so harried to me
when i open or close whatsapp ads is coming so,  as a user i don't like this and as a top developer you can't....
the 5 star is for not advertising anything..
previously whats app said we don't sell ads and we don't promote the same. but i believe its bit annoying every time i exit whats app with an advertisement.
previously whats app said we don't sell ads and we don't promote the same. but i believe its bit annoying every time i exit whats app with an advertisement.
whatsapp was made with a mission to not have ads. seems that now it has been bought, the mission has diluted. annoying ads pop up everywhere when using whatsapp. mostly appear over the type bar which means u accidently hit them and ...more ads appear. downgraded rating from 5 to 1 star.
so handy and love the fact there no adverts. that's it whatsapp don't sell out like the rest of them free apps.
this review will cover pros and cons. i'm doing this review after many years of usage. most of the time it functions perfectly, with the location _ photo attachment _ so on. it's been my primary text app. rlly. after the major update and ui revamp, the fluidity and ad free experience at such a low price, is just even better, however...  the most detrimental drawbacks whatsapp has, bound to cause some of u endless frustration when u try restore your chat log on a new phone_ the chat restore mechanism. it blocks you if you switch your sim card too much or try to verify your phone number too much, and you'll be blocked from verifying your acc on a multiple of minimum 24 hours. _i call bs_ since i had a lot of failures of restoring the full chat log, i did the verification many times, got verified but redid the whole thing and blocked n times_ online guides werent very specific.. at last i figured out a proper way to do it...   1. back up chat manually 2. locate whatsapp folder in internal storage 3. copy the whole folder into your sd card 4. put sim and sd card in new phone 5. copy the whatsapp folder to the internal storage of new phone 6. install whatsapp from play only. gdluck_
what can i say abt this app_ no bugs...no ads _ ...working perfectly_
used to work fine then this new update caused it to have ads which redirect me either to google play store or the internet _ annoying. please fix it_
1 star less becoz of ads
i know you can fix everything els, but can you fix the calls it would be highly spoken of, an its capability ad well
there is only one little problem _the calling range is bad.the rest is perfect. the most nice thing of what's app is that they don't add ads.
whatsapp is showing ads. wtf
is it me or the update now has ads im not loving this by the way it's annoying
cool_ download advertapp and get _ for installs of these app_
nice app to connect with your contacts. the best part is, it is ad free
it may have less features than other apps, but everything that's provided works perfectly fine. and the idea of selling without ads makes it elegant.
great app to keep in touch with people near and far for an initial nominal annual fee. well worth it as no ads.  however, beware as the default setting when the app is downloaded means that your profile is public.  i was contacted by someone i didn't know on whatsapp.  i never opened the message.i then investigated the settings and changed it so that only  my contacts could see me.  it would be good if individual messages could be deleted. currently can only delete whole chat.  still a good app and would recommend
don't know if it's happening to others but keep getting adverts when opening whatsapp and looking at messages. however it is so helpful to keep in touch with family  but this problem needs sorting.
they should have added ad free. this is one of the many and most important reasons for using whatsapp.
i opened whatsapp and there was ad of game of war
smart app and free of ads
keeps popping up advertisement.
video call ad and..whatsap color change .more future incresed..
this is insane _ you guys says we dont sell ads but its totally wrong  i am always getting ads while closing the app. as i close whats app an ads get opens . fix it guys
there is an anoying ad that keeps poping up on my android ..telling me to upgrade watsapp at 7 rand per day charge is this you people_
so easy to deliver and receive messages, media and news. great emoticons. ad free_ complication free_ love the voice record feature. brilliant app, best by far.
love it... main advantage is completely ads free....
now days i see ads popping up when texting...plz  remove them coz they are so annoying_
was complaining about ads, but an app called _ram booster_ _one with a green arrow icon sorrounded by some red thing_ were the source of the problem, the app had some kind of adware, greedy bastards.
why is an uber ad popping up when i open whatsapp _
one of the best app, best part, it has no ads ....  a big thumbs up
i really love this app, but in the recent update i've been experiencing ads that block my spacebar and when i touch my screen, an internet window opens to showcase the item that was advertised.  i thought that whatsapp didn't do advertising_ i read that they don't right before i finished installing the app. hopefully this irritation will be fixed in the next update.
i really love this app, but in the recent update i've been experiencing ads that block my spacebar and when i touch my screen, an internet window opens to showcase the item that was advertised.  i thought that whatsapp didn't do advertising_ i read that they don't right before i finished installing the app. hopefully this irritation will be fixed in the next update.
what's up is user friendly and without ad it is great.
what is the best thing about this app is it is free and ad free.
for an app that you pay for annually and for many years before now we have not had ads, why have you added ads every so often for an app you pay for _
for some odd reason, since my update, i keep getting pop ups everytime i use whatsapp. it's so annoying. everytime i open a conversation, it freezes for a second then a pop up appears. either a microsoft ad or a games ad. it's so annoying_
please remove ads from this app.. else, people will start hating whatsapp.. there's always this pop up ads that will ask if i'll like to download an app. and another will pop up, saying whatsapp recommended an app for me to download.. very disgusting.. we love your app but we dnt like ads.. it's really annoying..
my favorite im app. keep stay with no ads.
it's great, ad free, and clean. some of the cons i feel are virtually no stickers bar that big red heart. the new calling feature sucks. it's not as solid as the messaging part.
how to stop unknown sending me messages.  line can stop people sending me advertisements but whatsapp can't.
will give it 5 stars if it had no ads _
this is the best messaging app ever . available in all platforms , very user friendly and no ads .
i've noticed recently i'm getting game adverts. i open wa when i see i have a message and i get loaded straight to play store to a game download page.... i'm not sure if it's whatsapp or a phone glitch..
it  works great, just that the  ads keep on popping up.  why is that_
i love this app and i use it all the time but i get pored of those old pictures and the same theme could you ad some new pictures and an option to change theme
great way to text and call people for free.  the new interface is amazing. it's not loaded with unless features like other im apps. and has no ads and has ios smilies instead of android which are much cuter.  i would love it if you added  stickers.
it has evolved with time and is getting better day by day _ _ above all there are no bothersome ads .. i love whatsapp_
this has never happened and since the update it has been frequent.  why am i getting ad pop ups for the play store when i paid for this app_
i have found no fault with this app unlike many other messaging apps. it's easy for me to contact my family and friends through and i have now just been using 'what's app' to get in touch with everyone. there are no adverts or notifications so it is practically perfect, and not many apps are as good as this. definitely recommend this. found no problems whatsoever.
for latest version.. why you guys filling up with those stupid ad stuff. irritating. hating your app. hoping to telegram
an app which everybody should download.. no advertisements so no lag  it is fast probably the best android app
it has overthrown an industry filled with unwanted ads, leaving us only what truly matters. hope it can expand its service and gain its popularity in more countries.
please remove the ads as it always pops out as and when it wants and i'm getting irritated. please fix asap_
what an app _ without ad _ great communication _ simply attractive _ it's truly revolutionary _ it's 'whatsapp age'_
when i am pressing the speaker button ads come in the middle fix this
i liked this app but still few changes can be made in it to make it more enjoyable and attractive like change the color from dark green to blue or any light colour.also plz remove the ads those comes at bottom of the screen.
great app with cool ui. nice revenue model with no ads. give me an option to logout_turn off when i don't want to be whatsapping, then you lots are legends.
there has been advertisement on yhe internet for you to update your whatsapp since i was scared i would be hacked i didnt do it
too much advertisement
it's free on android _for years already_ and simple, no ads no games. doesn't eat up much  resources on my outdated phone.
as after calling service makes it more existing.... and its simplicity cleanness and no advertising lead to success...
you said that there are no ads. but whenever i close my whatsapp application i'm getting a full screen add. please correct this.
this is a great app. simple, easy to use. no annoying ads make it so much better. wide range of emoticons make it really expressive.  but i think it is in danger of being lagged behind the competition. it needs free calling and stickers. lots of stickers. competitions are much ahead of whatsapp in terms of providing new features. there is still doubt on free calling feature. lot of rolling out and rolling back of free calling feature in news. also every other app has expressive and funny stickers which i miss in whatsapp.  i hope they understand the times we live in. everyday new competitions crop up. i had given 5 stars earlier but i am changing my stance. still 4 stars easy for this app.   whatsapp web shows diverse emojis while the android app still shows the same.
seriously i really like this messenger. it more easy and no ads at this app. i love it. it have a cute emojis. i love the design. and i just love whatsapp web because i still can online altough my phone is charged. the quality of picture is awesome. just good. its better than messenger,viber or any else. whatsapp is the best_ emm,but still do the best for us_ _
i don't know why but i get a lot of full page advertisements soon after i leave the whatsapp page. is it not supposed to be free_ why charge us if you can't keep the ads away
i don't know why but i get a lot of full page advertisements soon after i leave the whatsapp page. is it not supposed to be free_ why charge us if you can't keep the ads away
there's always advertisments when i go in whatsapp. i dont like it. please dont put ads.
there's always advertisments when i go in whatsapp. i dont like it. please dont put ads.
please stop ads its very much irritating
super annoyed with ad appearing every 3 seconds. the ad only points to clash of clans_
somehow i do not like the circle icon, it makes a wide blank space on the main page and the photo looks smaller than it used to be. however i still like this app because it doesnt harm my phone's performance and thx for the zero ads.
reliable, no ads. whatsapp call could be better though. often can't hear person on the other end.
since i downloaded the update with the internet calling feature, my whatsapp has become an application advertizer and also a self_authorized app downloader_installer, all these happening without the phone owner's permission. after declining an advert it self_downloads unwanted apps into my phone wasting my data. please i will be very happy if you look into this by controlling the frequency of your adverts and disabling the auto download_install feature. also making an ad_free version of the app.
running smoothly and the most important thing no ads like others can work without being getting disturbed
everything worked as the advertisement mentioned.
for the last few hours some ads showed in there and everytime i touch the screen i go to some shit download apps link.
is there any update_ i have an ad says i need to update my whatsapp. please look into this matter
very slow n there has no privicy between my proffesional n personal persons, everybody can see my personal profile pic who are professionaly connect with me. so why its important for watsap chat i have to ad in my contact list. its realy very irritating, most of people use this app thats why i install it, bt i hate whatsaap app.
not free.. deceptive advertising.
its now improved and sanppy but ads on exist sucks fix it
urm one problem. i'm stuck to the old version ad i can't update.. pls fix and it will be 5 stars
globe mobile app, just watch ads and get paid for it. referred olyaf55
too much advertisement
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive advertising banner that appears when you unlock the screen on your phone or pc, to put like and get more money_ currency in euros_ when become lead _olegon74_ and start earning_
there superzarabotok, globe mobile without attachments for viewing of advertising images, get paid evro.mozhno transfer into your account banka.prilozhenie card works in the background on your phone, tablet, kompyutere.odin like your account and do not need anything popolnilsya.delat .vvodite name alik invited without it zapustite.stroyte your income as you like, no heads and other zamorochek.udachi my data inside, write help sovetom.alik _alex_
do you want to earn a euro holding in his hands a smartphone tablet, iphone or aypad or working on a pc _ from you need to just close the window pop_up advertising _ download the app to play market globus mobile _ register and be sure to provide the login invite kkatrin and begin to receive bonuses in euros. start earning money with me closing the advertising window after screen unlock. annex just super_ _
no ads, no bugs. the better app than more.
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive advertising banner that appears when you unlock the screen on your phone or pc, to put like and get more money_ currency in euros_ when become lead _olegon74_ and start earning_
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive advertising banner that appears when you unlock the screen on your phone or pc, to put like and get more money_ currency in euros_ when become lead _olegon74_ and start earning_
no ads, no spam. simple but useful application
there is a great app _mobile globe of play marketa_ and most importantly to set do not need anything, just look nenavyazchivayu advertising that appears when you unlock the screen, you put like and get denezhku.chtoby profit was more than invite your friends, acquaintances, etc. currencies euro_ home enter when registering_ samusov and start earning_
everytime i start the app i get a ad that claims that is is yours but says new update_ but further is a perfect app
earnings in euro _ subscribe to globe mobile. join ovc2005.nichego team deal_ just close the advertising window on your phone or pc. during registration enter ovc2005 name. the best and easiest earnings _
too much ads
there is an excellent application _globe mob_ installing a main do not need anything, just looks unobtrusive advertising banner that appears when you unlock the screen on your phone or pc, to put like and get more money_ currency in euros_ when become lead _olegon74_ and start earning_
globe_mobile _ excellent application to run on the internet. earnings based on the husky advertisements or click on a link. payments are made in euros, at current exchange rate is very good. must have money you can to webmoney and paypal. when you register in the _who invited you_ enter_ cadmus without filling in this field can not register. all good earnings.
it's great. messaging and even the new call feature.  however, i'm starting to get ad messages and probably scam messages.  find a way to add a new feature that i could report those messages then 5 stars on the way.
the _globe mobile_ pay_per_view advertising. set does not need anything, just watch and earn. during registration enter_ alen4ik777. we are waiting for our team_
contains annoying embedded ads
great weather app,  pictures and weather animations are lovely,  ads are non_intrusive,  and it's a breeze to use.  i only wish there were ways to customize the text used,  more fonts,  shadow options,  etc.  and a clock please_  but,  as is,  i simply cannot do without it.
this app gets me going when i have to go out in the afternoons. i depend on it's accuracy and it has not failed me yet. it is just ad accurate as the tv weather, with maybe a little 1 degree difference in temperature. everyone should have this app and use it.
no annoying ads.
but ads in the middle that's not good for me
based on the reviews i downloaded this app and i gave it 4 stars. really nice wallpaper, simple design, not complicated,  and best of all, no pop up ads taking up precious space on the screen.
don't like the ad in the middle of the info
changed my default weather app because it was too slow. took a chance with yahoo and i really like it. very detailed information_ neat, clean app. and the flickr pictures are very pretty. love the neat little animations. all in all a very functional, very accurate weather app_ really wish there would be no ads though, but as is expected from a free app. samsung galaxy s4.
an option to buy to remove the ads would have earned it 5 stars.
allows for multiple location, 24 hour forecast. i will give 5 stars if ad is remove. i  willing to pay to get rid of ad
very nice ui, loads fast_ but hate the ads..preferred the option to pay
this is my go to choice for weather. when i downloaded it, i did not even want to try anything else. the widgets are great, the weather effects on the app are a nice touch. my only complaint though is that my area seems to show the same picture of a waterfall, by different photographers. i wish there was a way to fix that, and i wouldn't mind paying for a version of the app without advertising.
weather has been pretty accurate so far _a must for me given the rain we get here in the pacific northwest_ and the changing pictures are beautiful. there's even a few for my family's little hometown in germany_ i mostly use this for the hourly and 10 day forecast, and it's great to have one that's nice to look at and with minimal ads. i almost don't even notice them.
the ad takes away from the look of the app
much easier to read layout, less ads and tv show info, and love the maps
up to date and accurate notices. ads are unobtrusive. graphics are simple and clear and don't get in the way.
would have given 5 stars if the large advertisement were removed from middle of weather info. overall very good.
why do you need your location on just to get the weather_  can't save location, so many ads for yahoo stuff...uninstalling.
only thing good is the ad free and the animations. if it also reported weather by suburbs, i would then give it more stars.
i used to like it. can't stand the ads. i'd pay for a no ad version. liked version 1.6 better.
overall it's all good except there are some ads, which is reasonable
one of the best weather apps. used it on both iphone and now android _far more accurate and sophisticated_looking than apple weather, i might add_. everyone asks me what app it is when they see the animations. one downside is that they now have ads in the interface, which kind of sucks. didn't used to, at least on the ios version. but what do you expect for a really awesome and free weather app.
this is the coolest looking, most informative app on the market. also no bloated ads, love it.
the way ads are forced upon you, being in the middle of the page so you have to see them, keeps me from recommending this app. on the other hand, highs, lows, and current are usually enough for me.
it's the first yahoo product i've intentionally installed_used in 17 years_ way to keep the bench warm, yahoo_ kudos to whomever managed to hold the line over there and just get out of the way of simply delivering me the weather. would happily pay for an ad free version_ _
beautiful design destroyed by hideous ads.  should at a minimum be available for purchase without ads
now has in_your_face ads. still one of the best
hated it just because of ads it shows in the app. othereise it is an awesome app
helpful. i'd pay for no ads. love you yahoo.
very good design with good practical information. is starting to get crowded with ads, lets see how bad it gets before have to uninstalling it. good for now.
too much advertisement _
easy to read and navigate with advertising that is easy to scroll past.
doesn't have a lot of memory hog junk. clean _ efficient. not a bunch of ads, very cool_ a big help, thanks
but i'd pay to lose the ad in the middle
update to my 5 stars after using for a while. it's ok. too many ads. not much description of weather beyond current day. just icons. minor tweaks would get it back to 5 stars.
it's got everything i need with a beautiful background related to your location.  i also like the animations, but they should be the same as they are on the apple products.  i don't like the ads.
after updating ad nausea ruin this beautiful app
this used to be a beautiful app. yahoo ruined it with ads. 'nuf said.
decent app, ads could be worse. replaced accuweather with this and i'm much happier_
would have been 5 stars if i could have removed adverts
easy to use without all annoying advertising _ useless information as seen on other apps. too bad they don't have a satellite tv channel, they would knock the socks off of twc _ weathernation_
spoiled only by recent appearance of adverts.
fantastic app, ads don't really bother me.  for ad_free experience i recommend weather timeline.
please remove ad panel
love it. would adore it more if u can cut down on cpu footprint and stay away from any ads. stay unique please
there should be a way to at least mute them. i like to watch relaxing videos since i have panic and stress issues, and adds are are freaking me out. it's ok to show advertisements or whatever, but not with high volume_ i'll be happy to pay for an _adds free_ version or something so i can whatch my favorite relaxing channels and be able to sleep again.
even having high speed fiber net video's keep on buffers, see to it and fix the application. although the ads runs smoothly
whenever i am watching a video a ad pops up at random.
way too many ads and ads in the middle of freaking videos are you serious. until they fix this, i'm done with their crap.
i think there is bug. the video will freeze up and then the sound is much ahead than the picture. it even happened on ads.
lets me view an ad perfectly fine with no drops in quality, then, _there was a problem while playing. tap to retry,_ comes on. i have to force stop the app every time in order to view one video without any problems.
when an advert plays before the video it doesn't load so i can't watch the video... then i have to restart the app. gets annoying
_there was a problem when playing. tap to retry_. so you're telling me this app will load ads perfectly but the actual content will never load.
suddenly streaming to chromecast i have the title flashing in and off the screen over and over throughout video. all videos, every time. also, you really need something better than scare pewdiepie if you want _10 from me each month. and ads every 15 minutes in extended videos_ are you kidding me_
adverts at the start are annoying but i can live with it.....half way through videos......really_
ads are used so youtubers get money there would be very little amount of people on youtube if they didnt get paid...
works as intended most of time, but occasionally a bug occurs when a video that has an ad never loads the ad.
i love u tube but half the time since im on a phone the ads wont load and i cant watch anything witch i hate because im afangirl and i want markimoo and jack
app looks nice, but video freezes up _audio keeps going_ a few seconds into nearly any video. on a google nexus 7, no less. ads still work fine, natch.
used to not have ads at all and now all of a sudden i do what gives guys_
too many sick perverts popping up and ads. lags and outdated
advertisements in beginning and middle of videos burning through bandwidth. google or government subsidized multinational corporation can politely insert there youtube where the sun doesn't shine. with the update one has to repetitively click 1080p 60 fps or it'll run in basic video mode. yet the advertisements run in 1080p 60 fps. you as a consumer have no choice in this matter. youtube has decided your forced usage of expensive bandwidth on an advertisement is more important then you the consumer deciding what _ notice a pattern here, you're not educated nor mature enough to decide for yourself_ video resolution to watch a forced advertisement suits your needs.
has no problem playing ads, however will not play any videos. i have to use youtube through my browser to view anything. i have uninstalled and downloaded the app multiple times.
too much ads
plz subscribe and like and another reason for ads is because it is free music if we  did not have ads then it would not be free
too many ads
the ads have gotten crazy_
ok i love the videos today it keeps showing the same ad it's sooooo annoying_ i hate you you tube_
too many ads
way too many ads. especially before starting the video, and also in between. there is no skip option for 13 seconds video. plz fix this
i just went through all these reviews to see what is going on with my youtube and it seems like everyone is having the same problem. i just watched a video not to long ago and had minor issues and now it has decided not to play at all. there are times where it freezes or says something like it can't play the because of connection but played an ad right before it. youtube was great but until it gets fixes i don't think i'll be using it.
....youtube's era of usefulness is coming to a end soon. too much advertising bs everywhere. gonna switch to dailymotion soon
new update with crazy long ads
google has driven youtube into the ground. sorry google i prefer any independent developer made ad free, interface friendly, aesthetically pleasing, download able, media app with youtube integration over your abysmal trash.
glitchy, slow, too many ads, and _playback errors_ lately
i'm a content creator and watching my video's on the go is awesome well deserved 4 stars _                          but how ever there are alot of ads and i can only play videos in 480p and the lag is way to much overall well deserved 4 stars keep it up
everything is good but one thibg... it keeps on playing the ads and no video
okay so i had youtube red but i got rid of it because i wasn't able to pay for it, and ever since i got rid of it all i get is ads everywhere. i watch more ads than the video i am watching. this needs to be fixed because no one should have to watch ads all day.
get rid of them ads nowwwww youtube people
it feels like a 1998 geocities website with all those ads bouncing around.
you can watch videos for free. lots of ads tho
ads on every video i watch.  so annoying. way too many.  ridiculous.
oh the watch later is great wish the ads were less then 30 secs
this is great for everything_ great for personal expression and for learning not too many ads either_ use it for music too.
don't you make enough money from the advertisements before every video
ads...ads...ads
can u make it were u can skip ads at the middle of the video
i hate the new advert banners it just looks a mess plus _wtfu. it also gets very annoying watching a 30 second video with a 30 second advert witch i can not skip other then that the app works more or less fine.
audio out of sync cuz it want to load it ads,i hate google
on my samsung galaxy s3 mini u broke the app if there is a video ad it disappears and it says connection to server lost touch to retry when i try to watch the video
playing youtube in the backgound used to be free for everyone, then it was only if u paid for it, then it was added as a perk _and bundled with ad free videos_ if u already pay for google music _which i do_ but now it won't work again. please address this issue.
most of the complaints are for too many ads... this is an app which let's you watch millions of videos for free. of course there will be ads.
subscription channels are now hard to get to, huge ads everywhere, constant pop_ups selling youtube red, and _trending_ is all over the place in full nightmarish garishness. volume is so muted i could barely hear the presidential debates and my note 4 started complaining about high volume before i could hear the official csnbc podcast _ and i have good hearing. won't get red to stop pop_ups but might stop using app.
i would put five stars because you tube is my life but the update made it so ads come up during the video and its annoying so i pre_updated it
changes the look every other update, ads happen more often than not, but it's the only big video provider out there, so what else could i use_
great app. but ads are kinda too much,well google inc keep up the good work, really nice app.
way to many ads
unresponsive. ads followed by more ads
it never works_ it manages to play ads sometimes but then has an _error_ while trying to load the video. mostly it just endlessly acts like it's loading but never plays. i end up just having to use the browser, which doesn't handle full screen very well. a disappointment from an increasingly disappointing company.
you click a previously watched video, ad. you try to watch a new video, ad. you save a playlist to watch later, ad. you try watching an hour long tutorial, interrupted with, you guessed it...ads. your owned by google and now charge _10 for subscriptions to youtube red. the worst part is that i can't even delete this stupid app because it comes preloaded on my phone_ so how much more do they make from that deal with phone companies_
use to be a nice app until they started putting ads on everything. i'm uninstalling app is total garbage now
its okay.. not excellent, but allright for getting my video content compared to the source's website, which lags horribly on any tablet. the advertisements are incredibly annoying _ and i dont mean no ads, i mean the fact that sometimes ads will be 5 minutes long, others are 15 seconds, some are skippable, some arent, a d 4_5 appear in the middle of my videos. id rather have the choice to watch 1 1_2 minute ad for ad_free video than having to click skip every 5 minutes.
its okay.. not excellent, but allright for getting my video content compared to the source's website, which lags horribly on any tablet. the advertisements are incredibly annoying _ and i dont mean no ads, i mean the fact that sometimes ads will be 5 minutes long, others are 15 seconds, some are skippable, some arent, a d 4_5 appear in the middle of my videos. id rather have the choice to watch 1 1_2 minute ad for ad_free video than having to click skip every 5 minutes.
still the same frequent lag and the struggle to load. but new update added ads mid video. f_ ads_
what was once a bastion of easily accessible videos which promised not to be the marketing gimmick that the other plagued _free_ video sites suffer and die from, has now lowered itself to become exactly what caused it's own creation and will ultimately cause it's failure. no one likes to be forced to do anything. i shouldn't be forced to give you money if i don't want to watch your ad when what i'm watching is content generated by someone else. it was always free and profitable before, what happened_
this app start to freeze not to mention the useless advertisement i have to watch. please make it free of adv or make ur users purchase adv free youtube i am sure lot of people will buy it. thank you
if i subscribe that is the only way to stop seeing ads i don't believe that besides ten dollars monthly i for one cannot afford that so no i definitely cannot use you tube red._that spy dot lens is back itdtfwdt_
putting ads in the middle of the video i'm watching isn't cool.
no ads, works perfectly.
i don't like the ads that keep popping up before or during some videos_
love the app but certain videos won't load and it has nothing to do with my connection_ i'll go to a video then it will load perfectly. then, i'll go to another one and that one won't load. if i go to different videos then come back to the _unloadable_ one, it still says, _check your connection._   oh but the ads surely load perfectly well_
ads dont want to load so the video dosent start
to many ads
i dont see why so many people review saying 'ads too long' or 'like forcing me to youtubered'. it has just as many ads as it does on computer or console. the slow loading is your internet
all videos are blurry and to much ads
why do the ads buffer_ it's so annoying_can barely watch any video coz the ads never load up_ randomly crashes number of times_
simple_ too many ads. you think those video ads don't cost data_
latest update and now it just buffers, tells me video error, gets stuck on the ads, of starts to load and stops playing.... not happy camper _
stutters like crazy trying to display an ad. chromecast 2 works fine. pathetic effort.
too many ads its like it is forcing me to get youtube red. the videos load longer than it used to. when there ads in the middle it fades to black and starts playing the ad but there should be no ads in the middle of videos it interrupts my entertainment. maybe i should go back to t.v.
ads are getting longer_ lag is increasing due to more ads.
ads are used so youtubers get money there would be very little amount of people on youtube if they dudnt get paid...
worst app ever_                             please get rid of the ads it plays the same ad every time i went to a different video
lately i've been getting irritating ads in the middle of meditation videos. understand the need for ads, but irritating when they are stuck in the middle and also having the same ones repeated at the beginning of almost everything. surely it's possible to see when a person has skipped the same ad more than 20 times and insert another one... maybe the new update will deal with this_
every 5 minutes theres a 30 second ad that i cant skip it really kills the mood
plz if u can limit the number of ads it will b good
the app works perfectly. i didn't encounter any issues. to those who wrote a bad review about this app doesn't know how to use the app. complaining about the ads common you csn skip the ads. can't play the video check you network connection,  dumb ass. coz i didn't experience all the problem you've stated on your reviews and comment. i encounter errors but that's coz of my network. don't blame the app for network problem or issues. this only shows how stupid americans are.
ads everywhere but still it's good
ads and suggestions for other videos constantly overlay the video you are trying to watch.
ads ads ads, what else can i say..
ads, in the middle of videos_ come on it was bad enough we had them in the firat place, but now they cut in between videos. messing up a great site
whenever a ad comes out its the same ad for about 15 times
why is it, when a majority of youtube content is uploaded by the general public do i still have to skip through ads_ believe me advertisers, no matter how good your product, all you will get from me advertising this way is scorn, contempt, and constant pressing of the _skip ad_ button, even with 20s or more left on the countdown_ if you provide premium content that is paid for by ads, then, fair enough_ i would be more than willing to watch the ad,  but a the minute, the as are nothing but detritus.
why is it, when a majority of youtube content is uploaded by the general public do i still have to skip through ads_ believe me advertisers, no matter how good your product, all you will get from me advertising this way is scorn, contempt, and constant pressing of the _skip ad_ button, even with 20s or more left on the countdown_ if you provide premium content that is paid for by ads, then, fair enough_ i would be more than willing to watch the ad,  but a the minute, the as are nothing but detritus.
wtf ads in videos_ plus where is my search history_ no recent search history is ever found anymore. what i see are at least 6 months older_ it's been this way for a long time.
i'm hating youtube even more now. first_ way to many advertisements. second_ i can't change my icon or header no matter what i do. even when i go through google_ it doesn't fix it. i should be able to edit my profile through my youtube app. just like i can with twitter and facebook. if i didn't like watching videos so much, i wouldn't bother with youtube at all.
it's awesome download it  take off the ads
can't even watch a single video with out having ads and it is full of crap_
after play a couple of time video, it began to very lagg..  ouw not to mention that your ads itself very annoying me a lot,thx. so.. instead of you add more ads,maybe you fix the lag first then do something better than add more ads,that my suggestion, would you heard me.._ and sorry for my bad english,lol not my native language
it constantly will load a video for hours upon hours even after watching an ad. it always loads and doesn't ever play the video i want to watch_
too much ads
i love youtube. but what i don't like is an awful app that is crowded with ads and so much lag. videos don't ever load and are stuck buffering and will keep buffering for ever.
begin watching a video and it decides to lag for the first 25 seconds. i can't skip an ad after the five _six_ seconds. i have to wait around the same time as watching a normal video to click 'skip ad' because of this problem.
google doesn't put the ads there idiots, youtuber choose to put them there. google does get money off the ads but they aren't put there by google. youtuber put them there to get money so they can keep doing youtube_
i love it so much it doesn't even have ads for me
app is not fast_   1. no quality video _ not fast   2.videos very late to play_  3. the software is very heavy_  4. very hang out_  5. not fast play videos_  6. it is advertising_   7. no videos download_  8.  not professional_   _please fix the problems you have new updates  tanks for all
great app, but has too many ads.
i dont mind ads,i dont mind buffer,but when ads buffer,i suffer
when i watch a video it always sets me to an ad that does not load
i love it even though it has a lot of ads and buffers a lot
i have noticed a lens on the upper left side of the screen to the top this i have noticed from my android device. i want to know if it's the providers of these videos or is it some other individuals. other than that three stars i can't add on top until i get an answer about that wonki spy dot lens_ stop seeing ad is this possible to add in app setting_ 2_13_16 they added this video camera i am not going to use this i have no option to select off so i can't use current updated version of this app,
all you guys want is for people to spend money to get red and if they don't you flood youtube with ads and it sucks,i can't wait till a replacement comes around
there are way to many ads on mobile and the videos most of the time can't load because of them.
i need help it buffers too much,bad quality,too many ads,and most of all i was so excited for the built in_app editing tools,but i can't find it.someone plz help until then i'll give it 3 stars
an ad every video, trying to force people into paying for youtube red. plus ads load better than the video you are trying to watch showing they allow more bandwidth for ads then what you want
ads makes not to load a video, loading f_ screen_
what's with the ads during long videos_ i don't mind watching an advert before but not during. the app would be better if we could either download videos or save to watch offline. also i wish the videos i watch would play automatically at the highest resolution instead of starting at 240p or 360p and switching to hd 10 seconds in
what's with the ads during long videos_ i don't mind watching an advert before but not during. the app would be better if we could either download videos or save to watch offline. also i wish the videos i watch would play automatically at the highest resolution instead of starting at 240p or 360p and switching to hd 10 seconds in
in a 10 minute video there is 4 ads somewhere in there really annoying
to much ads
a lot of ads really disturb when i'm watching video
the new update is horrible. loads a lot slower and the ads are twice as long_ _
seriously feel like google is trolling. there's never been a good youtube update. just less shxtty... comments are a joke. they never post. too many ads and app messes up so much it makes more ads. google just creating traffic to get money off its users. either pay 9.99 or drown in ads. great....
of all the apps in the universe, i am  astounded that youtube is this consistently crappy.  my day is not complete without a failed pairing with my smart tv, poor q_reader integration and choppy playback, bloated with ads. i cringe when i have no other option but to use this garbage. the only benefit to their monopoly is we are no longer required to use google_ in order to be frustrated.
in 7 years of using your app on various premium smartphones from a variety of manufacturers, your app has never worked smoothly on any of them. after watching one video, i will have to close and reopen the app to watch another. if i try and watch another video, without the close_reopen, i get the message, 'an error occurred, tap to retry'. thats all well and good, but tapping does not fix it. please reinvest some of your massive advertising revenue into making this app work smoothly.
resuming after ads is still an issue. touch to retry issue as well is still present. ui is very user friendly. so fix the said bugs then you'll be gold.
every time i load a video it shows only the video's screenshot picture with the _visit advertiser_ and won't load at all. i've even reinstalled it with the same issue...
there is an annoying bug that doesn't allow the video to start and it gets stuck on advertisements.
way to many advertisements. especially when i'm trying to listen to a sleeping playlist, and all of a sudden out of nowhere, an advertisement goes off and it's 20x as loud, and wakes me up out of a dead sleep....good times
wish i could delete from phone.  too many ads.  just not worth it anymore.
videos play fine for a few minutes then randomly change to low quality and constantly buffer if i try to make it higher. like, literally buffering every 15 seconds. ads are working perfectly fine, though. _
great app. too bad that google gets more greedy by the day and ads get longer and more frequent.
for some reason, youtube says tap to retry on every video. this happens on wifi and mobile data both. its playing ads perfectly before the video. just irritating .
i get the need for advertising, but every two videos_ that's just aggravating.
'please check your network connection' message. there is nothing wrong with my network connection. also 'can't load link' msg when trying to open a video from chrome or facebook. when it was working _ too many ads.
constant ads, constantly pushing premium. loads ads but won't load videos.
videos take forever to buffer. literally they won't stop. ads won't load it just gives me a black screen. what the heck happened to this app on my phone_
i can't watch any videos. i just a can't play video error. ads still work though.
currently won't play anything but ads, no matter what i do. all videos are frozen or audio only. moto x
remove the ads
why is there so many ads_ i can't even use this anymore one ad was enough but three_ come that's ridiculous i have to use the internet now cause of this because i have to watch only one ad there.
an update that increases ads and reminder that for 10 bucks a month they will stop.  i get needing advertising or a subscription but the amount of ads is getting a bit ridiculous...
an update that increases ads and reminder that for 10 bucks a month they will stop.  i get needing advertising or a subscription but the amount of ads is getting a bit ridiculous...
ads on every video i watch.  so annoying.
to many ads
too much ads they keep freezing my videos for no reason is this a ploy to buy youtube red
the app in my opinion works just fine. i like the new layout_ however, ever since youtube red came out, little ads will pop up at the bottom of the screen every few minutes. i understand the  advertisement, but changing where the add is placed and the frequency of the add would earn this app another star.
the app in my opinion works just fine. i like the new layout_ however, ever since youtube red came out, little ads will pop up at the bottom of the screen every few minutes. i understand the  advertisement, but changing where the add is placed and the frequency of the add would earn this app another star.
too many ads
keep the older version don't download this one it's even more ads in the beginning in the middle and end of every video you watch ads ads ads and more adds nothing has changed but more ads
this is where you watch videos and i always have ads and i skip them so just skip them_ i belive in u_ lol
too many ads
it has way too many ads now.
recent updates have added way too many ads
the videos will not play on my phone, they just keep loading forever.  _but the ads work just fine_
but all videos have zero sound for the first attempt at viewing...every.single.one_ ads all load audio, video is then muted until i exit the app, reopen and watch another ad...then the video magically has sound
i want to watch watch video _ i have to wait 30 seconds to watch an ad that is so annoying_ everything was going excellent except for the ads. _
extremely slow now. additional ads during videos slow the frame rate to 10 sec. needs optimization.
easy to find videos and clippings and many more ads showing on display problem to find other videos.  hd  not clear videos
i love youtube, but there's too many ads and loading takes forever, i understand the reason behind ads but this is ridiculous.
i used youtube my whole life _when it was released_and never had a problem.even with the ads,its perfectly fine cuz' sometimes it's really funny_i love youtube and i always will. p.s. i like the word youtube for some reason _3_
it showing ads for almost each and every video...its annoying
too slow with lots of ads
i'm rating this a 3 because of all the stupid ads there are. like pandora and the tv wasn't enough they had to add it to youtube too
everytime  i want to watch something i have to watch an ads before the video.....sometime  it doesn't  have skip  button ....you know  how painful  that was to spend your time watching an ads when u would  probs gone through  half of the  video.. .....plus when watching 20mins_ video  it seems to have more than 1 ads throughout  the video......i mean like you have to keep skipping  the  thing to return back. .........1 ads should  be enough  per 1 video ideally ...if i want to watch ads i would  watch tv .
what's wroung with u it still dosent play any videos it just plays ad and after ad is ended it says sorry cant play video
ads in the middle of the video completely break it. the video will sit there and constantly buffer until the video is closed and reopened or sometimes that doesn't even work.
the stupid harry bow ad just keeps on repeating the last 3 seconds fix it plz
ad and reconnecting error..
when the video comes to a spot where it's supposed to play an ad, it freezes the video completely and won't let me but play to keep it going
3rd party and root access should not be required to block ads.  this is creeping up to tv level of advertising and i feel this makes the app frustrating. trying to watch a video but having to wait even longer if the ad doesn't buffer.  nobody wants ads as a feature and i make a conscious effort to not buy products advertised on youtube.
3rd party and root access should not be required to block ads.  this is creeping up to tv level of advertising and i feel this makes the app frustrating. trying to watch a video but having to wait even longer if the ad doesn't buffer.  nobody wants ads as a feature and i make a conscious effort to not buy products advertised on youtube.
the new update is horrible . i can't a video because i can't get rid of the ads
it's ok but i can't play videos i get a advertisement popping out of nowhere and it's saying there is a error on every video i watch
gets annoying watching the same ad over and over again especially if it's a dumb one. i love chromecasting but it frequently stops current video and plays the previous one _ it's absolutely frustrating. please fix and i'll rate a 5 hands down.
can't deal with full adverts no more, give nexus owners an ad free zone, chromecast no longer works, it keeps skipping back to the first video
can't deal with full adverts no more, give nexus owners an ad free zone, chromecast no longer works, it keeps skipping back to the first video
fkgshite_ why the delay when an advert plays_
i need to leave the screen on and the app activated to listen to music ... plus sometimes annoying ads that i don't care about.
so many ads now, its ridiculous. 4 in a 16 minute video_
just great. but why in the world would you add advertisements wh... oh. i see why, to make people get youtube red.
too many adverts and way to frequent
i works great no ads at all
i use two versions. both have their pros and con's. older version has no ads, better ui, and runs pretty well on a good network connection but its slow, cannot play videos disabled by mobile, and playlists are buggy. newer version has the drag video feature, can play all videos, and utilizes 3d and hd but ads are everywhere, videos crash on slow connections, and ui is ugly.
every time i have to watch a ad all the way through it freezes at the last second and causes the app to force crash. ps. i don't have the 1080p option and i know for a fact my device can run that quality. and quit ignoring my reports. update the app
1_ ui is reminiscent of earlier apps in android history. totally ignores advancements like swipe in from edge. 2_ subscription now means more and longer pointless ads. 3_ even content creators are seeing what a bad financial decision it is staying on youtube and have started up elsewhere with obvious hopes of leaving you in the dust. google, you suck in software and services.
can you ad an option to always start the video in the highest quality_ i hate having to manually go into the quality settings and change it to the highest one.
great, but too many ads
first you need a home button that actually does what it's supposed to, send me home wherever i am in youtube, but instead it disappears whenever you're not at home so it defeats it's own purpose_ also as necessary as they might be, your ads are constantly interrupting videos by not working so i have to either wait five minutes for the ad that won't load or exit youtube and hope it loads through the second time_ fix these things please
youtube has been a part of my lifestyle. i could not even pass my single day without using it. this app just loads any video faster than website. it does it's job. great_ only i hope we would have to suffer less ads.
please reply  my ad's dont show up on my video's _
this is not a real youtube it keeps showing ads whenever i watch video about my friends videos
every video has at least one ad
i know ads help youtube and the channel owners, but every video has an ad play before it and i've had videos with an ad play  smack dab in the middle of the video.
and has adverts all over.
no videos fully load.  even on stable wi_fi.  sure, the ads load, but i'm not trying to watch geico or budweiser ads.  and the problem continues.
c'mon it's bad enough you guys started putting ads on videos but now you have to play one in the middle of a video_ that's crazy cut back on the ads or at least have one at the beginning and one at the end of a video.... 2 stars.
i'm getting tired of more invasive ads and no useful features like being able to sort videos by popularity, and having to lose my place on a list every time i turn my phone sideways.
lots of ads but i love it
why can't i unsubscribe from an account that is no longer there_ why has my recommendation list reduced it's self to lower and lower videos till it is no longer there_ why do i have to watch a 30 second ad for a 2 min video_ why does every update make this app worse_ why not hire real software developers_programmers_ i've really started to hate this app.
a few bugs every once and a while. like ads being stuck
to many ads on jacksepticeye but its good keep up the good work
the ads is getting out of hand i am starting to hate youtube
used to enjoy continuous chill mixes. now have obnoxious ads. no thanks. back to pandora.
too much ads
i'm always having to restart this festering pile of pigs vomit of an app. my broadband is fast _ fantastic, so it's nothing to do with that. it's all the adverts trying to connect, for everything we click_tap. google has become an advertising_ridden scourge. it's worse than microsoft. but _dblo_k plu_ for android blocks most of that trash, thankfully.
either ads don't load or it freezes every two seconds and the video buffers forever thus making it completely unwatchable_
video's are not playing, it freezes at the advertisement. i have tried troubleshooting _ cleared cache, switched between wi_fi and mobile data, restarted phone, adjusted video playback quality.
with this latest update videos i'm watching randomly pause and ads occasionally replay the last second over and over until i close the application.
remove the freaking ads. or at least make a paid vers with no ads
everytime i try to watch a video there's an ad, and 90_ of the time, the ads don't load, making me unable to view the video. i just have to constantly close and reopen the video in the hopes that there's no ad. that doesn't even work half the time, because a half hour long video will have six ads, each one breaking the video. youtube on the browser is awful but at least it works.
that stupid pride and prejudice zombies ad never loads, and i can't skip it_ hence i can't watch any video that has an ad in it.
too many ads
i love youtube so much that with the updates i wanna marry it. to many ads though. _
google is earning through our data.  ads ads ads ads ads
thumbnail for the video will stay up for a few seconds before the video plays and it takes a while for the whole video to load. add the option to remember quality setting. also, since the inception of _youtube red_, there are a lot more ads that you can't skip through.
skip ads make me watch them well beyond the 5 second delay they are set to have. makes me watch 15_20 if i'm unlucky, 10 seconds if i'm lucky. if this wasn't the only app i could use to interface with youtube, i'd uninstall it.
any time i've used youtube i've been okay. but the newest update has been nothing but trouble. the videos haven't been loading_ for some unbelievable reason, the ads have no problem loading but the videos themselves will not load_
in previous updates, you could change the settings to set it on highest hq while on wifi or not. now these settings no longer exists. it would nice to have it, instead of having to change the quality during the beginning of every video. also, ads are insane_ didn't have any before but i had 5 in a 10 minute video.
new update sucks it says sorrey but we could not post your comment try again later every time i try commenting on someone's video,  and people are reportong me and i should be able to see who because to begin me i haven't done absolutely anything to get reported haters. also i hate the buffering thing and too many ads the last update was way better
everytime i tap the screen it pauses and when i rotate my phone and minimize the video the page scrolls to the top everytime. there are also too many ads and most of them you can't skip.
very good service plagued by too many ads
uh, is it just me or did the chromecast button disappear_ cause now i can't find it and have ads in the middle of videos, and i hate that.
there are 20_ minute ads showing up.  why is that necessary. i know we can skip them but if listening to music while doing something else i don't wanna stop what i'm doing to skip an ad i'm not paying any attention to.
i use this app to watch children's dance videos for indoor movement.  i don't mind commercials, but thanks to you tube my daycare children heard the terms rape, alcoholic, and shoot you in the face.  thanks you tube, i can no longer use an app i once loved.  let me know when you have child appropriate advertisements
the last thing i expected was so many errors with chromecast. definitely caused by youtube app, as every other app works casts great. queue can't won't add more than 50 videos at once, can't skip ads very easily, can't reconnect after losing connection. said lost connection happens every so often,  more often with multiple short videoes. git gud google come on.
constant errors that interrupt videos make this app frequently unusable. once a video has an error, no videos will play unless i restart my device. ads will also refuse to load, which means nothing can load.
this app gets worse and worse with every update. comment section doesn't work half the time, google plus barely works with it, ads play better than the video you want to watch, and the constant errors and inability to have background playback is annoying.
i hate this update i can't even make it through the first 5 seconds of the song without it lagging and so much buffering i like the old update i mean its gotten so bad that it can't even make it though 5 seconds of the 300 ads it plays during the songs _
i watched several, several videos... and each and every one had the same advertisement. i could probably recite the choose love trailer without breathing at this point. this is ridiculous. it makes me not want to watch any videos, which is literally what youtube is for.
this easy to use app has a little problems. sometimes there are video problems, not loading or working. but, anyway, there are way too many ads. still, however, my phone takes hd videos_ look for my channel_
ugh. where to begin_ okay first of all the never ending lag. every single video takes way too long to load. when they do start, they skip and freeze like no tomorrow. ads are constant and all of them are at least thirty seconds or longer. i can barely skip any of them. videos are completely out of sync with the app itself and either_ have the audio behind or ahead of the video. have no comments on a comment friendly video. have _disconnect_ problems that happen every minute or so, have to tap more then getting to watch the video. or videos just won't start and have wrong title or descriptions from not being able to keep up with app. i cannot even get rid of this app because my tablet won't allow me too. i have sent many, many, request to trouble shooting but not one of my request have been answered. poor customer service, poor app development, and poor overall creation. and not to mention every update makes things worse. get your head out of your massive ego google.
now i can do so much more, but it does have way to many ads
to many ads
i hate those video ads .. nowadays tv is showing less ads then youtube. my 3g net pack is pricy in india _ i cant afford net packs for those annoying ads.
i will delete you app logout and start listening to music on soundcloud or spotify to don't let you try again force me see poor advertise _
works good but needs to with on the buffering and ads
now ads start playing towards the center of videos possibly causing the rest of the video to not load. i have to close the app and find my place again only to have another ad stop the rest of the video again
i don't use this often so it meets my needs adequately. at least the ads for youtube red have backed off in this version.
uninstall it. terrible update now ads shows up endlessly.
ads. ads. ads. buffer. 2 seconds. buffer. forced ads that last sometimes 5 minutes for no apparent reason. ads. ads. were all sick of the ad attacks. tell you what_ if i want to buy something i'll shell out and f_ing buy it.
annoying ads horrible update uninstalling using vimeo, dailymotion, other for content
only if you take away ads and buffering please
videos never load but freaking ads will_
this is where you watch videos and i always have ads and i skip them so just skip them_ i belive in u
...would still like to see less commercials and advertisements but i still love youtube.
every time quite advertisement pops up it force closes the app
just updated and the videos on the title of the videos on the right are unreadable since its cutout.  id rather not have to click the video to know what its about specially with ads being so prominent now. how do i downgrade to the earlier app_   edit_ now i cang even watch videos without an error with the newest update
it's still good, heavy on ads but still a good experience to search, watch, and follow youtubers and their videos. it would be great if there was a like and dislike button for ads so we can actually watch good advertisements when youtube forces you to not skip them.
it's still good, heavy on ads but still a good experience to search, watch, and follow youtubers and their videos. it would be great if there was a like and dislike button for ads so we can actually watch good advertisements when youtube forces you to not skip them.
too many ads always crashes, some times doesn't load at all, takes time to select quality, orientation problems_, recommendations are very bad, change the algorithm please, give volume control.
ads are terrible. once the youtube red trial is over i will only be using my youtube downloader app because i don't have to deal with ads.
when trying to watch a video in 60fps, there are extremely noticeable audio desync issues, and the previous solution of lowering the audio quality now makes the audio desync worse. also now on top of audio issues the app is back to forcing about six ads in the middle of a 40min video. the app is just about unusable now.
use to beam amazingly_ now gets stuck buffering. will occasionally beam from android app..but won't stop or go to next anything. why_ why worse every upgrade_ all these ads only go to pockets and not service that works to users and watchers _ disappointed and frustrated ..luv streaming music. oh and that music app doesn't work at all
getting worse and worse... ads everywhere in youtube
too much buffering and ads
every time i have to watch a ad all the way through it freezes at the last second and causes the app to force crash. ps. i don't have the 1080p option and i know for a fact my device can run that quality. and quit ignoring my reports.
it won't work. i have a galaxy note 5, and there are too many ads, and the videos won't load.
i like the playlist feature on youtube. on my pc, i can listen to music for hours.  on my tablet, there's a video advert preceding every song on my playlists. one stupid add for game of war before the playlist is fine, but half a dozen interjected between videos i actually want to watch. also, the recommendations section of the homepage _when i'm not signed in_ offers justin bieber videos, even though i'm a straight man over 40.
this could be my problem, because i watch a lot of youtube, but it buffers a lot. also, sometimes, i'll be watching a video like normal, and it'll randomly say, _connection lost_. then i'll have to wait like two minutes for it to reconnect when i could be onto the next video. finally, there are ads in front of like, every single video. why_ i just want to watch youtube without a problem_ it doesn't happen on my computer, so why does it on the app_ please make less ads and fix these bugs for a better rate.
youtube gives you a new update. again, more and more ads, more buffering,  and featured videos that you didn't even subscribed to. be careful google, you're not the only website to host videos ...
i like looking up funny videos on this app it's fast and has very few ads
when i play videos.. thats many ads.. also video and sound not syncron.. i try to uninstall and reinstall.. but, it's didn't work.. please fix it.. and i will give 5 star.. thank you..
i don't want to watch the ads 20 second. why_
needs less ads and lower resolution for those adds so there not eating away people _like me_ who don't have unlimited data.  you can't uninstall it, so fix it.
i still use it but wish you would allow for background audio like ios users already have. sick of all the ads.
adverts have ruined youtube.
there's an ad on every video i try to watch there is no break with them. please fix this
needs more ads
great place to listen to music and laugh because of all the funny youtubers_. only thing to fix is all the ads, too many ads _
when i try to watch some videos, it's stuck trying to load an ad. it seems to be for certain people's videos. i click on another and everything loads fine.
video loads exceptionally slow after most recent update. and ads are the worst.
been using it for ages and now get ads on every video. the reason i always used the app was to get away from the ads and now it's a constant thing.
getting greedy with the ads forced me to uninstall it was just too much
i know youtube relies on ads for profit, but i can't enjoy music when an ad interrupts before almost every song_ imagine watching a movie and seeing ads every 5 minutes_
ads ads and more ads, atleast if youre gonna ad me to def make it relevant to the video im waiting to watch, who in the 7 hells wants to hear some fat f_ck signing in walmart commercials before i try and rock out to soundgarden. annnnnnd thats if i get the video to play because 8_10 its _server not responding_  which i know has nothing to do with my network because it happens everywhere and i travel often and this is on or off wifi. _sigh_ if only there was a non google alternative to youtube.
now that you have created an different one to pay for that's add free,  i've notice the advertisements have more than doubled in the free youtube.  i've noticed because i listen to youtube all the time.  not so much anymore.
ads almost every single video _more than 60_ of the time_
ads, pay sites, and regulations_ you're the worst youtube. google video used to be amazing and it still is if i'm forced to compare.
it's awesome but to many ads
i've had older versions with no ads for years. now all of a sudden there are 5_ ads in every video. this is just inexcusable.
i cant watch a single video without getting about 2 ads each video i watch and the dumb part is that one of the ads would just pop up right in the middle of the video,and sum of the ads that pop up sometimes are the ones i watched before the video. can yall lay off the ads_
lilly singh is still on youtube, she sucks and isn't even funny, yet she is in the ad on the store page_ 1 star
it's a good app, love watching all mamang pulis songs esp the tagalog _ iloco songs. i jz wish no advertisements in the beginning of each video. nonetheless i still love this app always makes my day. thank u very much _
lancet android updated device why not have this option available stop seeing ad as an option i have used this from my other devices that have this app and this lancet is a new model. why am i seeing this ad too complicated instructions and explanation to use to stop seeing ads, cut the chase and be on point. k.i.s.s keep it solution simple. i am noticing a spy lens dot upper left of video and the bottom left watch next does this mean i am being watched while viewing video from that provider_
ad, ad and only ad....... every video
it's great, and the quality looks fine. it is definitely easy to use. however, i agree with what the majority of people are saying. there are far too many advertisements. i understand they are necessary to support sponsors, but i really don't need to see an advertisement every video, especially if it's the same advertisement as before. please lower the amount of advertisements we are forced to see.
stop putting so many ads, and make so videos stop playing in the highest quality while i have no high speed internet_ like seriously, i almost threw my phone at a wall because an ad took too long to load, and some ads are very redundant like the ones that are 15 seconds long and let you skip in 5 seconds and the ones that are 30 seconds and won't let you skip. i understand that i can just get youtube red but you what, no, i'm not paying to watch videos.
youtube puts too much ads now and not only before the videos sometimes in between videos it's so annoying, plus the ads interrupt the video from playing, besides that problem this app is ok. and background play should be free.
i use the youtube app constantly, but sometimes i try to watch videos and it tries to go to an ad. but the problem is that the ad never plays, so it stays as a black screen. and when i try to watch it again, it does the same thing. and before this problem existed, the comments wouldn't appear. the point is that people need a functional youtube app that works. the purpose of the app is to watch videos and comment about the said video, not stare at a black screen or be unable so see what people think.
constant errors that interrupt videos make this app frequently unusable. once a video has an error, no videos will play unless i restart my device. ads will also refuse to load, which means nothing can load.
as it's always. not full rating cause of some drawbacks. on screen suggested videos ad are sometimes irritating when a video's going on.
plays ads on every video
before on old version i had no ads at allllll. now ads everywhere on every single video c,mon man .let us really enjoy youtube. have to pay even to breath jesus.
there's a new issue with the latest version of the app that makes watching videos impossible. for both ads and actual content, the video pauses itself on its own every second _no, i'm not joking, it's right after you press play again._  tried both on internet and 4g so it isn't a connectivity issue. samsung galaxy s4.
i understand the ads are necessary but i don't really like you put it in the middle of the video. sorry was in 5 stars.
some ads are too long that you can't skip them, forcing you to watch them_ all videos are full of ads that play by themselves. what a waste of time _
i can't do all i can do on the desktop. i want to rate comments, set the uploads_only view as the default activity, and show smaller preview images so i can see more titles at once. i also want a fix for loading_player errors and crashes. google does not want to empower the user but instead flood them with ads and clickbait trending videos and nickle and dime for background playing.
not a single video has played since the last update. the ads were bad enough. now it's literally useless.
it's easy that you can go from 240p to 480p, but charging to 144p is impossible. i mean by the time video start in 144p the whole 240p videos is already downloaded. and advertisements, either make youtube free or esle  don't show stupid ads to waste our data... you really want to suck our data.
it's easy that you can go from 240p to 480p, but charging to 144p is impossible. i mean by the time video start in 144p the whole 240p videos is already downloaded. and advertisements, either make youtube free or esle  don't show stupid ads to waste our data... you really want to suck our data.
lancet android updated device why not have this option available stop seeing ad as an option i have used this from my other devices that have this app and this lancet is a new model. why am i seeing this ad too complicated instructions and explanation to use to stop seeing ads, cut the chase and be on point. k.i.s.s keep it solution simple. i am noticing a spy lens dot upper left of video and the bottom left watch next does this mean i am being watched while viewing video from that provider_
i love this app but one annoying thing is _the boy_ commercial.... it's really starting to get annoying, almost every ad is always _the boy_... not trying to be rude but it's just annoying....
functionality is fine not the biggest fan of the ui. lose the ads, i don't pay attention to them anyway.
used to be able to save videos and play them in background and had no ads. now it's telling me i need youtube red but it's not available in this country_ only in the us. not really much point in that with me being in the uk. so now i can't save videos, play them in background and always shows ads.
takes way way to much data. if it wasn't for that and the ads it would be okay.
app cannot function when an ad pops up. both the ad and the video fail to load. i have to wait an hour or more to use the app and hope no ad throws it off
when i play a video it wont load the ad so i cant watch the video but if there isnt a ad at the start of the video it will load within a second
ads.  too many ads.  muting them isn't enough.  youtube already charges people to watch movies there and spans ads nonetheless.  they are also nazis that use google to spy on and censor you.  another nsa project.
worst app there is.  kill the ads starve the intruders. worst app there is.  kill the ads starve the intruders. worst app there is.  kill the ads starve the intruders. worst app there is.  kill the ads starve the intruders. worst app there is.  kill the ads starve the intruders. worst app there is.  kill the ads starve the intruders. worst app there is.  kill the ads starve the intruders. worst app there is.  kill the ads starve the intruders. worst app there is.  kill the ads starve the intruders. worst app there is.  kill the ads starve the intruders. worst app there is.  kill the ads starve the intruders. worst app there is.  kill the ads starve the intruders. worst app there is.  kill the ads starve the intruders. worst app there is.  kill the ads starve the intruders. worst app there is.  kill the ads starve the intruders. worst app there is.  kill the ads starve the intruders.
any app that abuses the systems notifications feature to spam ads at me gets one star. no way to turn them off without turning off all notifications from it.
i was watching minecraft videos, but then adverts pop up in the middle of my video_
when i can't watch my video because your stupid stupid ads crash the app i wish nothing more then to be able to uninstall your garbage software. fix it.
i love watching youtube wherever and whnever.   but the freaking ads jus screw it up especially whn i link my phone wit my smart tv. once the video starts and hits a ad, it doesn't start off where it stop. it jus completely stops the video..
i have a few years left to purchase youtube red... i would really like it if it was good to use for a fifteen year old. i really hate adds. also, there is no ad skipping available on most ads_ but for now, why do i have to be an adult to buy youtube red_ i will be in 12 grade by then_ i hate your video application, google_ you suck_  and will you stop collapsing my recommendations_ again inaccurate recommendations_ if i press _not interested_ on a video that has nonsense in it, it comes back_
for some reason adverts just fail to play, it is really irritating as it worked perfectly before, niw we cant skip it, so there is no way i can watch a video
30 second adverts are not skipable and they can not be loaded properly leading to buffer and the video not loading properly itself leading to the app not working because of buffer. so advert is 2 to 3 minutes long.
adverts and adverts and adverts and pop ups and surveys implemented with each update just like chrome. real sad times ahead for android.
after exiting full screen it takes me back to the top of the page that i am at. too many ads i would be cool with it if there was a skip button on everyone, but until then one star.
i can understand ads before a video, but i don't understand multiple ads during a video, interrupting the video for another useless online commercial. if the ads stayed at the beginning of videos, i'd have given it a higher rating.
youtube is a one of a kind video playing app and website that has a reasonable amount of ads considering that they still have to make money from users.
they make most of their money from ad's ...
harder to stream, more ads, and a slightly different interface
too many ads i can't stand it
i have a few years left to purchase youtube red... i would really like it if it was good to use for a fifteen year old. i really hate adds. also, there is no ad skipping available on most ads_ but for now, why do i have to be an adult to buy youtube red_ i will be in 12 grade by then_ i hate your video application, google_ you suck_  and will you stop collapsing my recommendations_ again inaccurate recommendations_ if i press _not interested_ on a video that has nonsense in it, it comes back_
too many ads, can't play music without video, can't play offline and uses to much data.
i can't believe how broken you've made youtube_chromecast. where do i start, loads incorrect videos, plays ridiculously loud and long ads then disconnects from the chromecast so you can't skip them. i'm a developer and i'd be ashamed if my software was this buggy.
too many ads
two years ago this app did little more than buffer endlessly. now the video performance is vastly improved, but now ads inserted midway through some videos has become the annoyance de jour. small price to pay for watching things for free.
it shouldn't automatically play videos when i click on its thumbnail, it should just bring up the information and then give me the choice to watch or exit the screen, is there anyway to change this_ oh and what's the deal with only being able to play certain videos if i'm in a particular country_ and what the hell is with these adverts_ isn't there a paid version where i can get rid of that bs_ i shouldn't be bombarded with stupid clips trying to sell stupider crap.
video lags sometimes and become a choppy. the number of adds are crazy. i can't go without one video having an ad.
just the ads is annoying. giving 5 stars just to be nice
keeps stopping. why maybe to many ads
it stops playing the video and says _touch to connect to network_ and there's way too many ads
way too many ads, nowadays, even when i have good internet connection.
too much ads
too much ads. red line catch up white line too fast. i'm sick lookin on _loading.........._
keeps buffering and to many ads
i have verizon quantum fios, samsung galaxy s6 and the lame advertisement always load but my video doesn't. why bother_
ugh. where to begin_ okay first of all the never ending lag. every single video takes way too long to load. when they do start, they skip and freeze like no tomorrow. ads are constant and all of them are at least thirty seconds or longer. i can barely skip any of them. videos are completely out of sync with the app itself and either_ have the audio behind or ahead of the video. have no comments on a comment friendly video. have _disconnect_ problems that happen every minute or so, have to tap more then i get to watch the video. or videos just won't start and have wrong title or descriptions from not being able to keep up with app. i cannot even get rid of this app because my tablet won't allow me too. i have sent many, many, request to trouble shooting but not one of my request have been answered. poor customer service, poor app development, and poor overall creation. and not to mention every update makes things worse. get your head out of your massive ego google.
there are to many ads and they keep popping up a lot_
two main problems for me_ one being when i turn my phone sideways the list of videos i was looking at will shoot back up to the top and i have to scroll through everything again. i like to watch the older videos on channels and it gets a little annoying having to continuously scroll to find the place you left off at. two is the amount of ads in the new update. i've had so many ads on a five minute video that as soon as the video is properly loaded and starts it is immediately cut off by ads. not fun.
freezes, too slow, too many ads
why is it that when there is an ad it takes time to load hd but when i goes to my video it shoots it out in less than desirable quality. shouldn't it be vice versa_
opening a video now goes to the top of the chqnnel or subscribions list you were browsing. also, you started forcing us to watch unskippable ads now_ youtube red doesn't even work in finland, stop making the ads worse. also, i can't edit my comments, see _1s and so on... also, the video stops randomly.
it's an amazing app  only improvement needed is that the advertisements should not be played between the playlists
lancet android updated device why not have this option available stop seeing ad as an option i have used this from my other devices that have this app and this lancet is a new model. why am i seeing this ad too complicated instructions and explanation to use to stop seeing ads, cut the chase and be on point. k.i.s.s keep it solution simple.
idiots have inserted ads in every video for money. uninstall
i can't watch a single video without the same stupid ad for naughty grandpa playing beforehand, which constantly buffers due to what i suspect is the fact that youtube forces its ads to play in hd regardless of whether your connection can manage it. if i could uninstall this crap, i would.
get the ads outta way_ every new video starts with advertisement i'm not relevant with.
get the ads outta way_ every new video starts with advertisement i'm not relevant with.
there are many ads even when watching videos
the newest update seems to only exsist to shill more advertisments and take more control away from the end user with the end game of pushing yt red _which will be a failure_. recommend avoiding the update at all costs.
why must ads block the way
video playback keeps freezing as video continues to play. i have good connection on wifi and have good speed, so that's not an issue. also after watching a few videos in a row, sometimes, the preroll ad doesn't load. so then i have to exit the app and close it fully and reopen it, and the same video i was trying to play, will play from that point on. this has only occurred in the last update. also google what is your obsession with putting  unskipable 30sec preroll ad on videos that are under 2 minutes long
really_ commercials in the middle of a 2 min video.. if the over advertising doesnt stop i will and im sure millions do agree, will uninstall.... ridiculous. fix and i will 5 star...... tired of being forced into things i dont want...
to many ads
i love youtube but the advertisements are getting way out of control. ads in the middle of the videos now_ come on.
i love youtube but the advertisements are getting way out of control. ads in the middle of the videos now_ come on.
it's ok but the ad's
the ads play properly however the video wont , it says click to retry. i might have to find another way to watch youtube . i guess people at google are only interested in revenues collected from ads and dont focus on real issues. hope microsoft wipes out google from smartphone market.
paying for red and still getting occasional ads.  wtf, google_
ugh. where to begin_ okay first of all the never ending lag. every single video takes way too long to load. when they do start, they skip and freeze like no tomorrow. ads are constant and all of them are at least thirty seconds or longer. i can barely skip any of them. videos are completely out of sync with the app itself and either_ have the audio behind or ahead of the video. have no comments on a comment friendly video. have _disconnect_ problems that happen every minute or so, have to tap more then i get to watch the video. or videos just won't start and have wrong title or descriptions from not being able to keep up with app. i cannot even get rid of this app because my tablet won't allow me too. i have sent many, many, request to trouble shooting but not one of my request have been answered. poor customer service, poor app development, and poor overall creation. and not to mention every update makes things worse. get your head out of your massive ego google.
works just fine, love the youtube red no more ads and i can play in the background. perfect.
ads are always before a video and even during a video. sometimes it won't let me watch videos. but overall it's ok_
ads play better than video. you suck google.
back in summer the app was perfectly working didn't crash that much ads only play at the beginning of a video now it crashes every  2 videos or every 5 minutes and now is more annoying than ever to use by making the screen small and then having a video ready to watch and then putting a video at full screen the video i had ready goes all the way to the top
when the ad load _its black_ when i click the middle black screen it skips the ad
every time before i watch a video there is an ad,there will be an end put to this, ads can only be once in awhile.
i like the playlist feature on youtube. on my pc, i can listen to music for hours.  on my tablet, there's a video advert preceding every song on my playlists. one stupid add for game of war before the playlist is fine, but half a dozen interjected between videos i actually want to watch.
ads ads ads everywhere_
hd videos and no ads. but can you pls make a costume thumbnail so i can create my own costume thumbnail
please fix this one issue though. every time i switch apps and come back it refreshes the whole video feed which makes me lose my place which is annoying and if i go landscape it flat out loses its place and goes back to the top. the ads are annoying but these issues are genuine and need addressing_ please fix. i love youtube.
i cantt even listen to my music on youtube because they have this terrifying advertisement that keeps popping up i cant report it or anything please remove this im sure a 6 or 7 year old would be disturbed by watching these ads yall have.
i cantt even listen to my music on youtube because they have this terrifying advertisement that keeps popping up i cant report it or anything please remove this im sure a 6 or 7 year old would be disturbed by watching these ads yall have.
for real youtube_ ads in the middle of videos. ughhhhh besides that it's ok it keeps saying error after like 7 videos
they need to take away all the ads
went back to the things ppl hated about youtube.... all the ads and buffering...nice _
ads where bad enough but now there in the actual content i want to watch bye youtube
why you make ads in youtube stop these ads_ please_
hate the adverts interrupting the vid in this version
if i knew that every single video would lag so much for such a long time i would've gotten rid of this app long ago_ do your job please_ and fix the_ constant behind loading on videos, the constant ads that i can't skip that are over 30 seconds long, the constant glitches _such as no comments appearing on a comment friendly video_, and everything else i've mentioned but you haven't fixed. thanks for nothing.
thier's now ads at the middle and end and sometimes befor its awful please fix it
slower and even the many ads buffer
for a couple of years now, and i must say i do like the updates. only one problem i think for people who dont have _youtube red_ should get the skip option on every ad. just saying because no one should have to watch the 30 seconds if we dont want to.
why are there so many ads. why do this to us google_ you were the chosen one
youtube used to be something amazing. now it's filled with ads and videos that don't load. smh google
too many ads
video playback doesn't respect overscan settings on my nexus player.  can't disable ads, but i doubt you're going to fix that.
some people complain here that youtube has too many ads. guys, youtube is the site for advertising, most videos uploaded in this site is mostly advertising a product. games, food, cosmetics, clothes, etc.
some people complain here that youtube has too many ads. guys, youtube is the site for advertising, most videos uploaded in this site is mostly advertising a product. games, food, cosmetics, clothes, etc.
there are of course a few tiny bugs like having a little trouble playing a video after disconnecting then reconnecting to wifi, but seriously, i just saw a rating from an idiot complaining about ads mid video, the uploader decides wheter ads are to be in the video you idiot.
i have a few years left to purchase youtube red... i would really like it if it was good to use for a fifteen year old. i really hate adds. also, there is no ad skipping available on most ads_ but for now, why do i have to be an adult to buy youtube red_ i will be in 12 grade by then_ i hate your video application, google_ you suck_  and will you stop collapsing my recommendations_
i like youtube when it first came out and was ad free. that was awesome. but now they have ads on there and then charge you to watch it ad free. and besides i guess it doesnt matter since i already have all the features youtube red has to offer, for free.
when i watch video...there are an ad every time..in new version
i love youtube and i watch it 23 hours a day and i don't mind the ad's only thing that actually bothers me is i can't commit and don't understand how to with the help thing and have sent a million feedbacks because the only thing i can do is like upload and watch videos.
i would give it 5 but there are to many ads
ads are way too loud and many have lots of flashing lights which could be dangerous to some users. it's terrible that they can't be skipped a lot of the time. also there should be a setting for default definition_ i hate having to manually change it from automatic. also an option to stop autoplay when i click a video. sometimes all i want is to check the description.
it constantly will load a video for hours upon hours even after watching an ad
best apps ever, no lags, most people who complain by the ads are probably using youtube since there's no other app to watch videos in _
not saying that it sucks because of the ads, but whenever i skip the ad the audio of the still plays, so whenever i watch a vid the audio of the ad is louder than the vid i watch
very convenient and videos are great quality and there is no buffering. there is a lot of ads but i don't mind that.
you have thousands of options of viewing pleasure and you only have to deal with short advertisements
i can understand an ad before the video. but the video ad, banner ad right below the video and banner ad above suggested videos is just way too much.
the ads, the set up, a stupid little window that shows up on the bottom, the fact that its confusing to use...i hate this_ i used to  a couple hours a day on youtube. if i have spent more than a few hours on this since it was redesigned, i would be surprised. if you're a person who is thinking of trying youtube for the first time, don't bother.  you'll just be frustrated and annoyed and wonder what all the hype was.
too much buffering and way too many ads. please fix it because i can't even watch a video without it buffering every 5 seconds
ever since the last update videos dont load or play right, too many ads, the quality is always set to 720 p and when you set it to 360p it looks like 144p
too  many ads, the ads play fine but then the video won't play without constantly buffering
does not load the ads before or during a video
hd videos work with no problems and no ads
i subscribed twice and its still playing ads.  it says i have a transaction on my account for it and everything what the heck
too many ads,,please remove or fix
too many ads
still won't load videos, even advertisements. the help section wouldn't load either.
when i watch youtube creepy ads come and i dont want to see those
the cast button doesn't appear half of the time. not to mention, there are waaaaay to many ads and a lot of them are 30 seconds long and can't be skipped. google really needs to get it's act together.
the youtube app is really practical compared to the mobile site. it's faster, better designed, and displays videos in outstanding quality.though, with every great app there's flaws. it is missing video speed, ability to view the number of comments, and sometimes, when an ad is displayed, could have 360 features to it_ you can't quite you use your fingers to interact with it.
i can't find the ratings for the playstation 4 youtube app so i am writing it here the playstation version of youtube there are way too many ads here we get anything about 3 videos without any ads in the playstation version there are ads after each videos
not crashing anymore fast loading not a lot of buffering less ads please
it is very confusing and hard to load videos and too many ads and video pauses like every 1min atleast._
all the adverts can get the d_
the date the video was uploaded has disappeared again, so i can't see which vids are newer. this seems to happen every couple of updates that next time it's fixed i'm turning off auto update.  too many adverts, since they introduced the ad free version the normal one adverts has increased dramatically. 3 adverts of boom beach in one 20min video is just obsessive
the date the video was uploaded has disappeared again, so i can't see which vids are newer. this seems to happen every couple of updates that next time it's fixed i'm turning off auto update.  too many adverts, since they introduced the ad free version the normal one adverts has increased dramatically. 3 adverts of boom beach in one 20min video is just obsessive
too many ads
after ad comes on i skip it after 5 seconds, then when video i chose to watch comes on it doesn't instead.the frozen ad that i skipped comes on and only sound of video i want to watch is all i hear
two things_ the ads during videos is extremely annoying. just play them in the beginning or end. secondly, why when going thru my subscriptions, if i watch a video full screen it goes alllllll the way to the top again_ i'm an avid youtube user but that update is absolutely garbage. please fix it.
as soon as youtube red became a thing i started to notice videos just won't play at all. in fact most advertisements can't even load. it's a problem and i don't want to spend money on a useless adblocker.
youtube was better before without all the ads.
if i wanted ads during my video i would watch television.
just seen an advert for 888 casino with a woman being attacked with a chainsaw. so f_ing angry.  sick of the violence and misogyny on youtube. close to abandoning forever
too many ads. sound and video are sometimes out of sync
what happened to it_ it was perfext the way it was_ fix it please and also get rid off ads and i would then give it 5 stars
ads suck_ you should work on limiting those ads. they suck out my half data_ not everyone has an access to wi_fi_
way to many ads man
it used to just be annoying that i couldn't play videos unless it was on my screen. now i can't even watch a video because of constant loading errors and _touch to retry_ if i can load an ad and watch it then there's no reason i shouldn't be able to watch a video. absolutely outrageous.
u guys have to take the ads down like that stresses people and its annoying ur watching something and the ad pops out of now were and then another one and then it starts to bother u now wut im sayin
everytime i play a video it loads for like 20 seconds and ends up saying _problem with playing this video, try again later_ i've tried any and every video i can, none of them will work. this all started after the latest update. i will give 5 stars when this problem is resolved. edit_ also, it so not my internet connection, i've tried other connections and it still doesn't work edit.2_ i thought this problem wouldve been solved. now it actually plays the ads before the video, and then gives me the same error
i can understand that ads are necessary but seriously there are too many right now.
too much ads....the other version cost too much for the month
this app is brilliant. i can watch any video i want and when ever i want. those that have ads, just be patient. be greatful, you can atleast watch the videos u want to watch. also for those that happens to see r.e.t.r.t on there screen, did it wifi. and dont blame google inc. there doing there job. why don't you go and did your f_king wifi. geez
if i wanted to see this many ads i would of just watch tv
great but ads do get annoying but overall it is great
every time i try to watch a video an ad or survey mostly surveys will pop up please get rid if surveys and i will give five stars. thank you
its good.. i mean, its youtube on your phone so that brilliant. but why do some videos not work not phone when it is perfectly fine on my computer_ laptop_ it doesn't make sense. there isn't a reason for it. his should really be taken care of ad it stops me from learning songs on the move.
to many ad's but still ok for an app
so now there are ads evry 3mins when watching a movie_ you're such a joke_ i would rate you _no star_ if it was possible
the app's awesome but please remove the ads
what happened youtube_ now when i scroll through videos, i pick one to watch, then i go back to the list, it jumps me all the back to the top. please fix asap and rating will go up. and to the people complaining about ads, its how youtube pays people. grow up, get over it. its a business_
too many ads ruins chromecast of youtube.  _10 a month is too much for ad free player that will play in the background of your phone.  free version does not allow you to read a text message without stopping play.
i love it but i hate the ads i wish all ads have a skip me button but other than that._
really when i unstalled it youtube was way different. i really don't like the update it takes a long time for a video to start and there are so many adds i can't have my youtube like that, as you know i would try to unstal it but i cant._ oh yeah why are there like 4 or 6 ads in the middle of videos,_ i mean like _7_ minute videos_ugh_ they made youtube worse........
despite the ads i still use this app frequently.
too many ads, comment options don't  always show up like they are supposed to. comments say disabled when i know otherwise from previous experience. ponycanyon_copyright that prohibits japanese content, and then i can't change my profile picture_name.
i will give this app 5stars but remove the ad. in every video_
i have youtube red from my google play subscription and for some reason i'm getting ads... why_
now i don't see popup ads so its fine now
great only ads at the beggining of videos great
takes to long to load. doesn't play all the way through and way to many ads.
since  youtube red was introduced  there is more ads that's why i took it down to 4 stars  other than that it's good
youtube's new design is simple and easy to use and oh so convenient_ the only problem is those very annoying ads but really lovely
when i was watching a video, an ad popped up_ i love this app. youtube, can you update your app so they weren't any ads_
videos do not play. i have uninstalled and reinstalled with no luck. just going to uninstall now, forget it. and on top of it, i refuse to use  an ad heavy app anyway. and then you make youtube red so you can get more money in your pockets, ha you will not be getting my money. youtube used to be such an awesome website... and then ya'll can't get the _ out of your mind. thanks for ruining one of my favorites.
automatically video quality change and i hate that _ watching ads i don't like
too much advertising when i listen my playlist...
way too much forced ads and the latest _info_ popups while playing videos is very very annoying_
wasting my time with ads
since _youtube red_ has become a thing the amount of ads have become over the top ridiculous. before it seemed like ads where only every other vid but now you'll be lucky to watch anything at all without a non skipable 30sec ad.
all these advertising is getting annoying one every 3 videos is alright but 30 second videos, and i don't agree with some of the advertisements that i'm forced to watch such as scary movies i can't watch that
ads man in every video i freaking watch man
i hate ads but sometimes the ads are good as you might want to download a game that you don't know but who doesn't like youtube and i have no problems with it only about the ads i don't get glitches and all that
i'm on a limited data plan. i shouldn't be forced into watching ads. or at least let me set a universal bit rate for ads so it can't play higher than 140p 240p ect.
after the last update the videos are choppy and laggy, of course, the ads are working flawlessly... but, none of my business. anyways, i prefer to watch youtube in browser. gazillion times better_ dear lord above_
interesting how every single ad runs flawlessly smooth, yet the actual video afterwords is choppy. it's beyond dubious, it's total bs.
this app is incredible the bad thing about it is there is too much ads the good thing about it is you can watch anything.
it would be nice if you guys had like a dowlader that would down ad the song or video so we can't watch it without wifi.... ik the is youtube red but it's expensive.. so i think it would be a useful thing
when an advert plays before the video it doesn't load so i can't watch the video... then i have to restart the app. gets annoying
those ads piss me off.i'll assassinate the pioneer of terrific idea
used to be ad free, until you thought to be rich and added the ads to make us buy youtube red_ also, when i am in the bottom of my sub box, it goes all the way up to the top of the page. extremely annoying because i have to scroll all the way down to see the next video_ fix the quality as well, whenever i get on youtube, the quality is always at 360p waiting for me to change it_
it's sooo annoying whenever i start watching and i'm really happy and then suddenly an ad pops up..it just ruins the mood_
the ads ruin the videos. they freeze at most times and i have to close the app every time.
the app is fine but it's filled with advertisements before every single video which is annoying. reduce the frequency of these advertisements
there  is too  much  advertising  in between  the video  hate  it
every time i finish watching a video... i go back to the top of the list.... scroll down again to check other videos. every f time........ not mentioning the amount of ads.... sucks_
first they add offline viewing for free, then they make it a paid service. you cant stream hd even if your phone can handle it. worst of all, ads are all throughout videos making youtube into one of those crappy streaming services. even if i wanted to pay 10 dollars a month for one of the greatest websites_apps ever, i wouldn't. i would slap myself for even thinking about it. i would just go to netflix or hulu. google has turned alot of our favorite things into crap and it is all about money_
since a recent update _the one that makes lists scroll back to the top when the screen is rotated, i think_, adverts will no longer load making the vast majority of videos unwatchable.
i don't mind an advert every now and then _ but as soon as youtube announced they were going to start showing ads a couple of years ago it was so obvious that they'd eventually end up like this. absolutely unusable app _ forced to sit through constant intrusive, irrelevant and annoying adverts _ so instead i'll use an adblocked browser.
i don't mind an advert every now and then _ but as soon as youtube announced they were going to start showing ads a couple of years ago it was so obvious that they'd eventually end up like this. absolutely unusable app _ forced to sit through constant intrusive, irrelevant and annoying adverts _ so instead i'll use an adblocked browser.
too many ads. in hindsight, some of the ads do grasp your attention. other  than that, love the updated version.
increasingly coming across videos where there's an ad which will never load and forces me to restart the app, often losing the video. also the video selection pointer reset is extremely annoying too.
to be honest ... soo.. many ad..
youtube is going down hill very fast... the adverts has made it crap
won't play half the time. way to many ads. love youtube but this isn't working....
crashes every time and ad pops up. no option to skip ads. no option to even watch them. this needs to be fixed.
you guys are killing us with advertisements on every single video. at least there should be an option to disable this.
youtube red is a waste, i will never, ever pay to watch youtube. once the ads become so annoying that they're forcing subscriptions, i'll just move to a different app and different website. it's also absolutely despicable that google used their control over all android devices to force all other apps in the play store to remove background play just to try to make people pay for youtube. bad business.
it's like almost every update that comes out makes the videos more unplayable. i try watching it with high speed data and my home wifi, the videos lag, freeze, and crash constantly. even the ads lag and freeze. it's so bad that sometimes my phone freezes completely and i can't even close out of the app or even turn the phone off. the most annoying thing about it is the audio from the video will keep playing no matter what, even with my phone locked. the new updates made the app worse to use_
works for 2 minutes then stops while trying to load advertisements.
if there was a viable option to youtube i would use it.  every time i start a video it stops with an error message.  if i  start it again it works.  this seems to have been a problem for some time and as yet  no fix. the messy interface and ever_increasing ads are ridiculous.  i would rather pay for the app than have the ads.
every video i try to play freezes... funny because the ads don't _
good app. downgraded rating since they stopped screen_off streaming_playback.  won't upgrade too. second degrading due to app crashes after or by skipping adverts and after playing a single video
please for god sake stop giving such ads this is not tv you morons just for a damn money stop irritating people.. we don't want to buy ariel or cadbury or any rubbish thing.. idiot_
i am so sick of the spammy as hell more info bullshit that comes up in the corner of every goddam vidoe. look i get that you need advertising, but why do you bombard me with this crap. i close the more info tab and put the video back to the part i missed because of the tab, and it reappears_ show me the more info tab once then if i close it, let me move on
too many ads
with this update you get more ads, settings that causes it to crash and burn, a crappy swipe system to close out videos when you try to go back to search menu. a trending video play list i don't care about. but wait there's more ads for you now act now and i'll throw in a blinding white background that causes eyestrain with a small red bar across the top to give it color
unskippable ads suck.
can't i download frm youtube.._ also plz reduce da amount of advertisements.. skip ad comes only sometimes
can't i download frm youtube.._ also plz reduce da amount of advertisements.. skip ad comes only sometimes
pls remove all the advertisement
remove all this ads, it's a waste of my data.
i hate these ads they're in every single video_ giving up on youtube....
tried to watch some videos but the same ad keeps showing on nearly every video i click on
the app will play like 2 seconds of a video or ad and then shut me out and i can't watch any video. on moto x_1st gen_ android 5.1 verizon. tried everything from using a vpn and uninstalling and reinstalling the app. please fix soon, google_ update_ still doesn't work after months of it not working. i'll just start using the website at this rate _
too many ads during playback_ i don't want constant 15, 30 or more second ads interrupting playback.. ridiculous_ never going to pay for youtube red ever_
i like the it it's cool and it ain't to many ads
ads are slowing the app down a lot
so many videos check out my channel _ julia simmons ads are for tv feel also a break in long vids. u sometimes have a skip ad button on the side
it has sooo much ads and the buffering is ridiculous, the video quality is usually terrible, i barely use it anymore
decent app but the amount of ads you get these days is irritating.  i used to be able to play videos in the  background but now they randomly took that feature out_
every videos i clicked it the same 30 seconds ad without a bloody skip button. every video same ads.what the heck_
why should we pay just to play videos in background_ ok maybe people would pay to remove ads but not for background play
while i doesn't happen all the time, i'll often click on a video, then an advert will show up that does nothing but buffers, even if i close and open the video again. i know this isn't a problem with my internet connection, as everything else works fine.
every video i turn on a ad pops up like every second its annoying fix it youtube
there are too many ads can you take them off_
this is good n ads free
lots of annoying ads..a youtube in opera browser is hundred time better than this official app..
way too many ads
to many ads, and when i open a video and press the back button, it brings me to the top_ it deserves way less than even 1 star_
ever since the last update i noticed that the usage of youtube through chromecast has been quite buggy at the beginning of every video. the issue is exacerbated when an ad is presented. the interface was made better with the addition of the trending videos section.
the cast button doesn't appear half of the time. it's not my chromecast because it works fine with other apps. not to mention, there are waaaaay to many ads and a lot of them are 30 seconds long and can't be skipped. google really needs to get it's act together.
great app.  ads are a nuisance. also the songs stopping with screen closure is stupid and doesn't make sense to me. otherwise wonderful app_ i liked the video swipe feature making scrolling and searching easy.
ads ads ads ads ads ads ads everywhere
hello...iam a youtube lover...but since i have updated youtube to newer version.. iam getting irritation with these ads....just remove them sir...iam losing my entertainment....
just the same video. in the webpage, no ads. in the app, with ads.
before i could watch videos anywhere in the house without a problem. not even when i'm right next to my wi_fi the videos don't load, or they only load to a point, or it looks like 1990's dsl video quality, not even exaggerating. but the ads come in perfectly. why_ put it back the way it was_ i can wi_fi amazon video in hd without a blip, but not a youtube video on normal.
having a vibration when a advert pop up really ruins the video for me, especially when its music.  also i dislike the fact you need to press an x to get rid of the overlay, it was better when you just waited for it to go.
too....many...ads...ads...youtube...needs...to..do some thing....about ...this...problem...
the shuffle doesn't work right on playlists with the exception of my watch later, and if i leave my watch later to go to another app and then come back, it resets the app back to the recommended videos screen. but it doesn't happen on any other playlist. and it keeps showing the same ad pretty much every time, for some garnier fructise crap or something, its supposed to be fifteen seconds long, and you can't skip it, and it legit took 5 minutes to play all the way through the last time it showed.
too many ads, and can't access the settings manu
there are so many ads even in between videos. dont really like and they want you to waste your money on upgrading to no ads.
with new updated there is milion of ads
why are the ads so frequent and repetitive_ i am not understanding why i have to watch the same ad five times in one show. also, this app keeps freezing at the end of ads now and it never used to. _
but could you take away the ads
to much ads _ and depends on the day but the app doesn't capt wifi while there is .. mysterious _
the videos open instantly...no issues of advertisements as well as it plays with out any buffering...
hey_ who doesnt love youtube_. i use_ _youtube red_ so i never have to deal with commercials and ads ever_ and i absolutely love it_ i recommend that all frequent youtube users subscribe to youtube red_ so that you too can be ad and commercial free_ unless you like to watch commercials and ads.._
way too many ads, when i'm watching vids over 15mins, i get more than 8 ads that i can't skip.
i would give it 5 if some ads will be removed. i came here to watch my favorite videos not ads. thank you.
what the hell_ and still no update to fix the unavaliable vid problem. make an icon or something so we know it doesnt work. also nice job with the same one ad playing 30 times in a row. totally not enfuriating or anything. also the lists keep sending back to the top_ why_ on multiple different devices, so i know it aint me messing up. also finding the people i subscribe is really hard now fix that.
say ads to bye bye_
i really hate that you've added even more ads just to try to sell youtube red at _9.99...pandora one doesn't even cost that much, that's only _4.99 for unlimited music without ads. it's too bad everything is run by greed, because youtube was my favorite and never went a day without it...oh well.
too many ad's , and can you please make an update so that it won't scroll to the top everytime i get out of a video.
player tends to freeze a bit way too often when watching videos, sometimes freezing until pause_unpause. ads repeating itself upon video to video, no difference upon any type of video_music.
too many darn ads
i love utube but the are some ads that i cant skip...the new ads like 'nestum' i cant skip n it always bother me in every video i watch
after all the updates that youtube puts, it still has glitches. for me the advertisements do not load and i have good wifi. the comments and descriptions are able to load but not the video. i even restarted my phone and wifi to see if it was me, but the video still would not load. youtube needs to stop putting new additions to it's updates and fix all the problems that it currently has first_
so i have to watch nestume ad before watching pewdiepie video every single time.. and i can't skip the ad vid.
thanks for the auto_pay fix. the same ads keep repeating ad_nauseam even though i have zero interest in some of the products.  google needs to limit max volume of ads because some are obnoxiously louder than average.
whenever i watch a 12_ minute video, midroll adverts appear. normally this isn't an issue. but when those adverts cause an error connecting to the server and prevent me from ever finishing the video. then it becomes a problem.
too many ads and it can be laggy asf.
before and after a video there is a ad. you can. no longer enjoy watching music videos without being interrupted by a commercial. now they want you to purchase a ad free version of youtube but first they get you annoyed by the ads so much you almost want to purchase it. nope. i will develop an ad free app for all free.
am unbelievable amount of advertisements. 15 or 30 second ads after almost every single video
am unbelievable amount of advertisements. 15 or 30 second ads after almost every single video
got youtube red still have ads wtf
it is loathsome to be watching an interesting video only to be interrupted by those stupid commercials which the viewers can't skip.  it's bad enough to be forced to wait for the video to start. must we also have to put up with these ads while we are watching them, and to be unwillingly obligated to watch these commercials more than once_ they only serve to backfire_ because every time i see one, i make up my mind not to buy what they're selling_
ads suck_ you should work on limiting those ads. they suck out my half data_ not everyone have access to wi_fi_
after latest update youtube won't play through the ad, and never loads the video or reads error.  fix on moto x. asap
i love youtube. i'm always watching something here every day. i would give 5 stars if there were no ads. just read the title.
too much ads
every time looooonnng 30 sec advertising.... ruining youtube experiences.
its okay but if you want to put ads, please put the short ones because if its too long, its so annoying. that's all thanks
but advertising is irrigating
but it's about time.i know it won't make any difference.any ad you have i'll never buy. instead i'll will hate you more for it.no one ever will force me in to buying anything and yeah no option to turn screen off so long_
those ads, though.
i like this app but these ads, i know they gave them the revenue they want. it's too annoying to see ads the first thing, even before seeing your first video...
whenever i back out of a video, the list of others returns to the top, can be irritating if i've been scrolling through a playlist to wait for a video after watching one only to have to do it again. also, ads refuse to load sometimes, basically stopping me from watching videos.
got so many ad in 1 movie......try 2 reduce it....tq
_ currently a 4 star rating. _ after hesitating allowing more updates, i finally updated about dec 23rd. this new update seems to correct what my previous review stated, good job. however, there is still an issue with access the settings page, it results in the app force closing.    _  _ _ formerly a 2 star rating. _ the good _  easy to use,  videos play,  thumbnail playing while searching for other videos,  commenting is possible,  notifications work.  _ the bad _  all the videos now play at a mere 144p.  10 minute videos have another ad in the middle or near the end.   the _settings_ page is no longer accessible, it causes the entire app to force close.  _ the ugly _  the subscription page is extremely tedious to scroll through.   not having the option to search for videos of the current year,  you only get one day, week, month.
too many ads
to many ads make me annoyed
ads never load. can't watch anything because of it.
and way to much advertising.
cannot watch any video.ads show fine.
the video quality is always bad. highest resolution available is 480p. also too many long adverts. and fix your the error screens_
and how is it the ads play without buffering and with such clarity but the video itself buffers then plays, then stops to buffer some more...
why the hell google put some stupid ads in youtube i see my video halfway then play some ads then my video play again
i wish the youtube red is available globaly because i hate ads
it doesn't show the videos one i clicked on them and every single time an ad pops up and no video
just started useing you tube red it's great ad free save stuff to w watch offline.
or the ladies in panties ads while watching peppa pig with my two year old son. maybe a class action lawsuit is in order_
i love youtube, but......please stop with the lucky tank ad. its very annoying and it irritates me more than already having to sit through an ad. if you're gunna make me watch ads, at least give me variety.
where the skip ad button
whenever i watch a mid video ad the videos never finishes playing. it just loads forever and ever. i hate it.
i like it but the ads, too much.
too many ads.... _ 1 star
my droid turbo has stopped being able to play videos. it displays an error screen telling me to _tap to retry_ but no number of taps helps. it loads all the advertisements fine, but i haven't been able to play a video in days.
first, you can't zoom in on a video. second, _120_year to play in the background, uh, uh, i may vomit. sure, removing adverts for _9.99_month, ok. but for background play_ uh, uh, i may vomit_
google you are ruining all the good things on youtube with those ads. wasting half of people's time showing useless ads which we have zero interest. stop doing it.
i'm getting an unskippable 20secs ad almost every video. can't stand this. are you trying to get money for ur xmas gifts google_
stupid ads almost broke my eardrums_i'm listening to my favorite playlist then you put another stupid ad on blasting loud_you've completed ruined this app_
it keeps giving ad and i can't skip it
i've complained before and nothing has changed, ad quality is still ridiculous. it took 5 mins to load up the 5 second skip option. absolutely horrible, i understand youtube has ads and thats fine but you need to decrease ad quality based on connection_ even people with kind of crap internet watch youtube you know...
shows _skip ad in 0 seconds_ message for one second.
ads lags a lot. every time i'm watching a video and i look for the next video to watch and i go back to the video on my subscription or home it goes all the way to the top, please fix this.
there are so many flipping ads
full of adverts that crash my tablet
google took youtube over it has become crappie ads for personal videos
i was able to watch 1080p without a problem before this but now they take ages to load. i know it is not my wifi connection  because i can run all my other apps without a hassle and the router is extremely close to me. please fix this soon because watching videos in 480p really stinks and even then the videos still buffer especially after ads.
lag times go up with every update, advertisements increase frequency with every update, the latest update wont even install on my galaxy6. it says error 501 and youtube is unwilling to respond with anything but their automated blamemail. ive had my carrier diagnose that the problem is not with my phone but youtube denies any problem on their end. very dissapointed.
streaming has disappeared completely for me. and now the ads are atrocious. they are before almost anything i play and many of them are over 30 seconds long. i know you're pushing subscriptions now youtube, but this is ridiculous, especially when you consider your videos are made up of other people's material, not your own. i should have known this was coming eventually, i should have known it was too good to be true.
this app i very good but could they just remove the ads please
i watch videos but it just cuts straight to an ad please dont become that kind of ap
advertisements every video
fvcking ads while playing video
i honestly don't know how i could live without it_my youtube channel is coming along well, and i can watch my cousions channel. and i have made a friend _ . but one minor thing. everytime i watch a video a little yellow line appears at the bottom where it shows you how much video is left. then it will play adverts and its annoying because i want to watch the video and i dont want to watch the advert. many thanks bfftube
needs a smart queue, _add all unwatched subscribed channels videos from the last week to the queue._ lastly the ability to manage the queue in the same manner as google play music, regardless of whether or not the user is casting. also, i'm seeing ads, despite having youtube red.
next thing you know youtube red will be required to watch any videos, with 2 minute ads every thirty seconds, with additional subscriptions required for each type of video. youve fallen halfway down the slope to failure, turn back now before a newtube kicks you the rest of the way down
the previous update had 1 ad out of 5 videos now its like 4_5
ad after every video is seriously annoying
this app is trash. i can't even load more than one video without it either crashing instantly or buffering nonstop. also why the frequent updates when there are literally no bug fixes_ not to mention when i actually get a video working there are like 10_20 ads.
can't watch videos. but the ads come in great no problem. _
love it no problems but i wish there were no ads at all.
i have the red_google music subscription, but i can't perform background play on my tablet. update_ an ad just played on adele's music video for hello
buffering even with wifi_ video feed isn't smooth anymore and the ads are horrible_
ads work, videos never play, and anything i can't uninstall is bloat ware and an insult
i love the youtube app it works great but too many ads like i'm sick of having to waste my time seeing an ad that doesn't catch my attention_
page scrolls to the top every time you go full screen, which is a pain when i'm working through all the videos of my 50_ subscribed youtubers. vids seem less stable and more prone to just not loading at all. ads are now a total joke. home screen is now completely irrelevant to me. trending videos_ i couldn't care less. app was close to perfect , now it's complete rubbish. htc one m8
the navigation is crude. the app doesn't work when the screen is off. the advertisements mean you can't put on a music playlist without having to skip an add every 5 minutes.
just one video then advert and so on. terrible now
after this latest update, none of the videos will play. they get stuck on the ads..
google has reverted a little back to the slide out from the side design for subscriptions, and the app is already 100 times better. there is a little more lag than there was before, but that is acceptable as long as the navigation is fixed. there are still way too many ads, and they all still play at 1080p, which my internet doesn't support, making a 30 second ad last over 2 minutes, or just never finish playing.
fix your app it freezes on advertisements and takes forever to load the video. getting frustrated cause its been going on for a while now.
i love youtube but there has recently been a large problem. whenever i click onto a video in which that person receives revenue from ads, if no ad appeared it would say to restart the video, forcing me to watch the same ad over and over every time i click on a video. pls fix.
youtube doesn't work very well on my hone or tablet. every time i try to make the video more hd, it jut keeps loading and freezing. and then there are too many ads and it keeps freezing on the ads too. please fix his.
i love youtube. this app is good and stable. has a nice user interface. i took off two stars because of the ads. the ones you can skip aren't terrible, but the 20_ second ones that you have to watch are a little annoying. i suppose it isn't that big of a deal, but i miss the days when i could just watch videos without this. also, kind of tired of having youtube red pop ups over and over. however, the performance of the app itself is fine.
videos with advertisements no longer load
i watch a video without any ads. keep up sir
would give a 5 if not for the ad's. i know the ad's are getting worse just so people will pay for youtube red. it sucks that its being done that way but it is what it is.
adverts keeps playing and you cant skip it .
even after closing the app, stopping the app, clearing the cache or reconnecting to the wifi videos do not start after watching several videos and skipping their ads. only restarting the phone helps but i don't want that after every 20 videos. app does not remember where you left off. reordering of playlists is not available. playing music is only possible with the screen on, disabling the useage as a background player.
cant listen to music when screen is off definitely and increase in ads. whatever the version was before this needs to go to that. this one is horrible
the goddamn ads are the pace of watching the video and leaves me to close the app and get tensed
buffering,more ads, pauses when i go full screen,goes to the top of whatever page im on once im finished with a vid oh cmon google_
its not a good application many ads
way to many ad's
360 degree ads are cool and i tend to watch all the way through them, but they make the video grayed over and to fix it i have to close the video and re open it. that wouldn't be so bad if opening a video didn't take me all the way back up to the top of whatever feed i'm on, making me scroll way back down.
recent updates have caused constant video pausing. not buffering, just pauses as if the button had been pressed. even occurs in advertisements.
lot of ads
yeah i'm one if those people. i don't care for anti ad stuff, because it's understandable to have ads. i just refuse to pay for being able to listen to music on youtube and be able to use another app at the same time. but i will say this, you are spamming way too many ads just to force people to buy into your bullshit.
the ads load and play fine, but as soon as it gets to the video, it won't load_play _sometimes it shows the loading light grey bar, but it doesn't play_. i know my phone doesn't always connect to internet that well, but it loads everything else fine _like web browsers, instagram, snapchat, etc._. if it's supposedly my internet connection, then the ads wouldn't even load, but the ads are fine.
clash of clans vr ad and several other ads cause videos to play audio only.
i don't like all of this ads.
not only are there ads on literally every video, but when you flip your video to full screen, it pauses and has to be reloaded
too many ads other than that it's a good app
why did you come out with an update_ it's terrible_ i could have gone farther down to see what i will watch next before the ad ends. i then finish the video. go to see the next video i scrolled to and i'm back at the top. and the connecting to servers is now bad. i do not know if its more or not. but i know that other apps are working just fine
whenever i see a specific clash of clans ad and i skip it youtube crashes for some reason,fix this please_
removed the option of saving videos and increased the ad content from 5 to 50 percent.do not update. the previous version was totally cool and this version simply sucks
nice try youtube, trying to desperately get people to use your new redtube as it should be named _ but now to the seriousness of this post to try pushing so hard on the ads like 1 add per video is annoying_ and for you who bothered to read, tubemate is a app like youtube red but its ad free and you can download the videos _ google it and download it on your phone cuz its not in the app store. hm wounder why_ _
ads an region block ruin everything go back to the old days when youtube was first invented it was much better then now its worthless an only a idiot would pay to use this crap youtube just ether needs to go back to its old self or get shutdown for good like the rest of the pathetic websites an companys
advertising seems too annoying
the ads will sometimes play into the video after you skip so you here the video's audio and the ad's at the same time please fix_
new version is broken. also they made ads appear like 100x as often.
no reason to have this app be such a pile... plays 3 videos no problem. then doesn't play anymore till i restart phone... still does it... even with the so called _bug fixes_ dailymotion all the way edit_ still........... edit dec, 2015 still continues to be a piece of sh_t. what the hell_ i played one video after restarting my phone. and it had a problem again. but no problem playing the clips that make you fackin money. ads play no problem whatsoever. stupid...
why would we ever need to buy a subscription to youtube red for features that should already be included_ the background play should be a free feature because if your phone is on and playing music it will make your phone overheat. youtube red was just a bad idea. ads are popping up every 5 seconds_
really hate this new ui _ the slide_out menu was better than this. now you have to keep pressing the back button. and when the app starts, it still takes more than 10 seconds loading ads. and there are way too many ads_ i'm giving up on this app and youtube. just awful. i hate to say this but i'm switching to facebook videos. good job, google... not_
i keep getting 30 second ads that i can't skip and i keep getting surveys about youtube red when i don't even have it
how about our internet's cut off and the videos expire_ also, the ad background sounds play even we skipped it_
i am forced to watch advertisements throught the whole 3 or 6 minutes which could easily be the same ammount of time as the video i'm watching. its just not cool and very annoying.
but more and more it only plays ads and never the video i want always says cant play at this time
youtube is one of the greatest website in the last 10 years but it is being ruined by all of these advertisements. it was so great going on youtube for hours, binge watching certain youtubers and now ads are everywhere and it is getting annoying. i know it will never stop but it's a real shame that such a great site_app has sold itself out
youtube is one of the greatest website in the last 10 years but it is being ruined by all of these advertisements. it was so great going on youtube for hours, binge watching certain youtubers and now ads are everywhere and it is getting annoying. i know it will never stop but it's a real shame that such a great site_app has sold itself out
the ads i don't mind, but now every time i take a video out of full screen mode i always return to the top of the menu lineup. that means i have to scroll all the way down all over again for fear of losing it. i do hope you rectify this in the next update.
how can you hate youtube i mean seriously to many ads to laggy that's your fault go youtube
you guys are getting ridiculous with the ads now.
suddenly all ads are not skipable. watch 10 min long videos and on average take 20 mins watching due to the amount of ads that play. hmm it's almost like google making a paid youtube or somthing.
useful but n_ed without advertising
very aggressive ad campaign on the mobile platform. can't skip a lot of the ads, can't run it with screen off to listen to audio and forget about multi tasking. truthfully, youtube on android is like a clingy girlfriend who if you don't pay full attention to gives you the silent treatment.
good but the ads are disturbing.  i don't want any f_king ads
too many ads. it wouldn't be a problem if i could at least skip them. after all, no one wants to sit through a 30 second that no one cares about.
i'm a google play customer so youtube is supposed to play in the background, which it has stopped doing. music is supposed to be advert free, that's stopped too. for some reason the app can't play a number of videos that work just fine on a desktop_ i don't know what has happened but the app has become less compelling to use.
really good and easy to understand the importance of life and times of crisis in your account details are 2nd to you my love her and her brother and his wife and daughter of a few minutes walk from the london stock at the moment. the comments for your help. i have a look at the moment. the comments for your help. i have a look at the moment. the comments for your help. i have a look at the moment. the comments for your help. i have a look at the moment. the comments for your help. i am not a good time. the only way i could have a good time. the only way i could not be able to make it. the only way to go. i am not sur ton of the crown estate, i think it would have to pay for it, i have to da. i am looking for ab u. this will by email. this email and we'll be in the netherlands. this email has two years, the google search engine. this is it would be good to me that the new year, and the three days ago. the list of all, i'm a bag of course. if the item is delivered by ourselves. i am not a goods to be a good idea to advertise the uk. ijoo yo mama so fat she blue up lel the uk. _   kkkkkkkkkkkkk_kk
i got stuck at the advertisement.. loading for so long and cant skip it. and am using wifi.
too many ads.
the ads are anoying
idk if its my phone, youtube, or my internet but if i watch a video the ad will sometimes play like a half a second with the audio and video till its done and if i watch to many videos or something i will get a black screen with the loading circle the whole time so i have to shut off my phone
more intrusive ads. more unskipable ads. often the video will not start_continuous buffering_. changing from portrait to landscape causes the video to stop.
worst app ever_                               please get rid of the ads
often loads ads in cardboard mode _despite never having used cardboard_, causing youtube to take complete control over my phone and spam touches at the cursor. not even the navbar escapes this, and the spammed touches usually pause the ad so waiting isn't an option either. the only way i can escape this is to forcibly power off my phone.
it always shows the disconnected from server msg in the middle of videos. the ads are also interrupting the videos alot too.
too many ads
any chance of some vids with those ads or what_
i used to love this app. lately, however, there have been far too many ads for me to enjoy any videos. and to add insult to injury, many videos i used to watch all the time are now locked behind a pay wall. does google keep making youtube worse on purpose_
i can understand the need for ads, but i don't like them popping up in the middle of a video.  at the beginning is not so bad.
youtube, you are obama_ you added ads, added more ads, added ability for copying videos and we are using _fixthefakes, added youtube red, removed landscape mode, removed subscriptions, and more ugly stuff_ i miss youtube 2.0_
youtube is awesome but with every video i watch theres so many ads _
your apps are getting more and more awful, wth is with those ads in the middle of the video_ and whats with the ads buffering_ please update it to a better app, dont just fill up my space and ask another updates just   for new design
audio and video unsynchronized and even the ads.
i am not gonna complain about the ads or anything, but something else. i actually make videos, and they don't make sense. my last 5 videos all have 0 views. one of them even has a thumbs up_ it makes no sense. i even saw someone click on my video and it still said 0 views. fix this now_
i hate that when im in the middle of a video and a ad pops up _
too many ads
youtube is great, but please fix a bug in the app causing ads like the myfib ad to not play nonstop.
everytime i go to full screen it pauses or even starts an ad and sometimes won't even play the video
invasive ads on every video make using this app unbearable.
play music from this site but hate all the advertisements. _ commercials. .
i have a few years left to purchase youtube red... i would really like it if it was good to use for a fifteen year old. i really hate adds. also, there is no ad skipping available on most ads_ but for now, why do i have to be an adult to buy youtube red_ i will be in 12 grade by then_ i hate your video application, google_ you suck_
audio is out of sync.      video starts good for 1 seconds, pause for 2 seconds, continues playing... all the while audio is streaming smoothly. every video is out of sync. ads ads _ more ads. ads in videos, ads before video, ads for red. wth_ who would pay this junk_
literally freezes as an ad is loading every single time. i'd like to be able to play even a single video please. figure an update that works please.
when i watch a minecraft video popularmmos the video is never clear can you help me_ and too many ads i mean who cares_
in the recent update of this app the videos freeze, but the audio dies not. i have also noticed that when going from ad to video there are problem about every twenty video. could have been a bad day, but most likely an issue that needs addressing.
did a really nice job intensifying my hatred for ads  by playing them every 10 minutes into a video. i'll have the rest of my day ruined after an ad plays in the middle of a video just as i'm unwinding from my depressing existence.
as of the latest update, my device has had difficulty loading everything, including just the home screen. i've also noticed that when i finally can watch a video it's far more likely to keep buffering within it, or just completely stop because of an ad. i've also encountered the video playing but everything else on the page refuses to load.
i have a few years left to purchase youtube red...  and there is no ad skipping available on most ads_
ads load but video does not, no matter what.
the app constantly freezes after one of your millions of ads that play. good job on messing up a good app just to make more profit
every update makes it worse and worse. now the ads won't play and i can't watch videos. also i can't move the slider to the beginning of a video.
to much advertisment while watching any video, it makes a good vedio boring
i don't have problems with ads but i feel irritated when i can't skip them.
every vid there's a ad or a question in tired of it
with each update the youtube app declines in quality. videos render fine for the most part but frequently refuse to load. if you scroll through a list amd select a video when you go back it will be scrolled back to the top, this was not the case previously. ads are numerous and annoying but this is a small gripe as i like to support the youtubers i am watching. i normally use adblock on my computer so this was expected. other than that you will encouter a few small bugs but nothing too severe.
keep getting ads 2_3 sec everytime i watched a video.
too many ads then love it download this app the ads will fix it
this update sucks, it won't let the videos load at all_ and their is way to many ads. in a 10 min video their is 5 ads that you can't skip, youtube needs to go back to one ad a video_ stop making horrible updates_ fix this_
it has to many ads
after the free month of youtube red, you almost have to re_sub  to it_ the commercials seem to have been increased _especially mid video ad's_ but _9.99 and it comes with google play music which is basically spotify. so it's still a good deal.
great app works very well and has a good design, but with every update there seems to be more and more ads, i just hope it doesn't get too much worse.
netflix and run a 2.5 hour movie flawlessly at 1080p. amazing app that doesn't have ads. youtube on the other hand forces ads down you throat like a cross fit vegan. not to mention that i can't run a 40 second video with having to let the 480p video buffer 5 times throughout. plus i have to let the 30 second ad buffer longer than the actual video
i know they're charging but now there seems to be more ads.   yuck.
i don't see why people are complaining about ads. are they really that scary_ the longest ad i've had to watch was 1_30. and it wasn't that bad considering the video i was about to watch would go for an hour. youtube your service is amazing. keep doing what you're doing. _ _3
constant ads that buffer and skip, even on one minute videos is just telling me that they want you to get frustrated so you shell out the monthly cost for red. also the quality capping out at 480p is just insulting to people who want to watch hd videos but can't afford a computer. every other time i close a video _only on youtube_ my phone completely restarts. most times when watching full screen, while turning my phone vertically again the video stays in full screen and i have to manually minimize it, etc
videos take to long to load, to many ads and it buffers
don't mind watching ads if it means more money gets to go to my favorite youtubers, but they don't load very  well with slower internet connections. also, i wish it would remember my preferred video quality so i wouldn't have to change it every time i try to watch a video.
the youtube surveys are starting to get annoying now. could you please slim down the youtube red ads to at least video ads and the account page_
yiutube is awesome its the ads man just get rid of them like i dont understand tgis you know people dont like ads and you just say oh lets out ads and we get low rating bull crap get rid of them plz
even with great connection, loads of ads, i guess google has gone broke
can't u stop the irritating advertising video
the app used to run smoothly over wifi but now involves much buffering including on the ads which you can no longer skip. oh and as an aside to companies considering advertising on the app, now that you can no longer skip the ad after 5 seconds if i have to sit through your entire ad using up my data or wifi allowance to do so then it actually makes me less likely to buy your product through annoyance.
the app used to run smoothly over wifi but now involves much buffering including on the ads which you can no longer skip. oh and as an aside to companies considering advertising on the app, now that you can no longer skip the ad after 5 seconds if i have to sit through your entire ad using up my data or wifi allowance to do so then it actually makes me less likely to buy your product through annoyance.
excessive invasive ads.
i hate the ads    still needs a lot of work to be a greater application.
way too many ads
to many ads and the videos take a very long time to load
it's got better wid da new update. reduce the number of ads please
was good. small adverts acceptable. 30 seconds unbearable.
there are a ton of problems. but this new update is even worse. for one, instead of the easy slide to view your subscriptions, you have to go to a certain area and pick the channel. whats worse is that unlike the old method, this cant be done anywhere, you have to be in a specific location to get to this area. also, the options from using chrome to use youtube is less limited than on this app. the ads are also very annoying. the new update also screwed up the video time for all videos to be 10 min for all of them. the tumbnailmshows the real time but in video it always shows 10 min. and no options for quality while online now. plus, video buffering is still awful. thats way too many.
full of ads and issue trying to put videos to full screen
the video keeps stuttering even at lowest resolutions. it only gets fixed when i rebuffer the video multiple times 7_10 times on average. but if you're wondering i'm having no problems with ads like others are complaining.
i'm not going to start whining about the ads, luv the yt app so keep the good work coming.
it might be tolerable if you had half or less ads but forcing us to watch at least one ad per video sucks. i miss the old youtube website before all the ads, it was fun back then.
too much advertisements in b_w videos other it is the best
putting ads in the middle of the video i'm watching isn't cool.
adverts are still annoying. if i hear bloody coldplay one more time...
every video starts with ad
oh yes u knew it just had to be, more ads before videos, more you have to watch because you can't skip them.  ads that deliberately glitch and stall to make u hate them more_  all designed to make u hate the ads so much you will pay 10 bucks a month to ditch the ads_  and remember u read this one day, after a bunch of users get onboard with _red_ that monthly fee will increase, no doubt_  after all.....who owns screwtube anyway_
the latest versions are getting ridiculous with the amount of ads to siff through. other than that though great app, and continuing to get better.
everytime i go to watch a video and a ad pops up as soon as i get the skip ad button or the ads finished it just tells me the video can't load and to reload the video. this only does this on the ads and no where else for me please fix this.
im not keen on being forced to watch an ad throughout its entirety.
if your interested in watching an ad thats twice as long as the video you clicked on, this is your app. auto opens in the background on its own. lots of blocked or fake titled vids. why is it, all the google apps dont work properly_ why is it, some unknown third rate developer can write better apps then google and their billions of dollrs_ im very disappointed with googles apps and the loss of quality they seem to suffer with every update. whats new with this update_ more ads_ wish i could delete this app from my device.
after ads interruption while casting through chromecast the audio disappears_ won't work again until i reboot chromecast.
this app has way to many ads, everytime i see a video, on the side it shows an _ad_. and then on another video, another ad_ you guys lost all four stars for that. lessen the ads and i will give you 5 stars.
the servers are laggy,to many ads,stupid layouts that nobody wants please sell youtube so you don't keep ruining it
worst app ever_                               please get rid of the ads
the ads will not load which then does not allow me to watch my video
i cant say i'll not use this app due to the massive amount of content on youtube, but i am starting to hate it. it was connecting to my smart tv fine and after updates its useless. connection is constantly dropped meaning a feature i use all the time is now shocking. i think its because they have tried to add adverts but no idea really. its also a bit too glitchy for a major app... some videos play with sound only which could be linked to the connect to smart tv function not working. either way not happy_
when i play a video with ads it says theres an error playing video please try again and when i tap my screen it doesnt work plz fix i love youtube and i cant watch my vids anymore _
the loading icon keeps rotating but doesn't load any video. even the ads won't get loaded.
couldn't load a lot of videos. ads load perfectly but the videos could not even load. some loaded only for 3_5 seconds and then it'll stop loading. either popping out connection lost or just keeps loading and not play the video. fix this pls this update is horrible
please clear ads, whenever i want to play video ads start playing automatically. fix this issue as soon as possible.
unable to skip ads on chromecast.
lag lag lag except when ads are playing.
latest patch crashes the device constantly. plus it only ever plays a few videos before a complete device reset is required. infuriatingly it will often play an ad before, but the video itself claims _an error occurred._ not for the advertiser so why for the consumer_ a thoroughly pointless install.
latest patch crashes the device constantly. plus it only ever plays a few videos before a complete device reset is required. infuriatingly it will often play an ad before, but the video itself claims _an error occurred._ not for the advertiser so why for the consumer_ a thoroughly pointless install.
was good, then randomly wouldn't play videos sometimes, now plays no videos. except the ads, the ads play fine and that's what's really important.
i don't like that you have to pay for no ads when in the beginning there was no ads.. i don't like the fact that you can not choose what quality you want on a video before it plays.. if it is something i really need to watch and it has 1080p60fps the. that's what the ads will stream in and guess what is not skipable well 1_4 g of data gone right there... i really hate that
often has bugs, the latest being videos are not fitting the player properly and part of the picture is missing_...also ads are becoming a bit too invasive.
wish there was a dayum ad blocker for it _
done with these ads
youtube is really entertaining because there is a huge span of different humorous awesome musical people what makes it so good is that it's not all about one person instead its hundreds or even thousands of different amazing youtubers who post good quality entertainment the ads aren't the best but if it weren't for monetization the youtubers wouldn't be there or barely post anything because ads are what makes them money. youtube red isn't the best in my opinion, don't decrease their paycheck _deli sandwich
it always loses connection to the server, but the ads always work.
its really annoying the update wont let you skip an ad now there is an ad for every video even the like 2 minute ads you cant skip any more they made it very bad
videos won't load and so douse some ads ,
ads will not start and when they do start it freezes my phone. fix this and i will give it a higher rating.
some adds lag the crap out of my phone usually and anti cigarette ads
i don't mind having those ads where 5 seconds in you can skip them at the beginning of the video, but i don't want to sit there for 15 plus seconds every time to wait for the ad to finish... but the worst part the video stops half way sometimes more then once to play an ad_ like what the... not cool google... not cool
for anyone having they buffering issue where the video stops after an ad is over just uninstall the update that's what i did and it work fine
every video i watch has an ad in the middle but once the add is over the video basically breaks i feel like i'm being pressured into getting youtube red
two upgrades and now i can watch ads. not something that piques my interest. i like to watch the videos i searched for please_
i doesnt even load fix it plz and have to ads in middle of a video.
go to 15 minute video. watch 30 second ad. jump to 8 minute mark. 20 seconds later, forced to watch another 30 second ad. seriously, wtf_
ads dont bother me. but 9 out 10 videos dont sync the audio so its out of time and painful to watch.
always finding how to fix or review an item, also great entertainment, from music to movies, would have given 5 stars if it wasn't or those darn ads, bit i understand it is a business...
pls do something with that irritating ads
cant stop ads
what_ no skip ads when connected at chromecast_
thanks guys_ thanks for loading the videos down with tons of advertisements, making the app restart almost every time you get out of it, and taking all the recommendations, making them available and having the balls to charge for it. you people are amazing at how greedy you are and the lengths you'll go to suck a sponsors dick. out of curiosity, how many videos do you plan on taking down bc you're too scared or stupid to look up what the copyright laws are_
ads don't like to load which means the video you're attempting to watch can't be viewed. it's sad that you can boot your desktop and goto the site and watch the exact same video before the advertisement loads on the mobile device
ads don't like to load which means the video you're attempting to watch can't be viewed. it's sad that you can boot your desktop and goto the site and watch the exact same video before the advertisement loads on the mobile device
its great but there are many ads
youtube does great job on their mobile app but they aren't perfect at all. sometimes can't watch a video on stable wi_fi even i restart my phone at all. stop complain about ads people. youtubers doesn't  earn money by posting videos, but they do when people watching their videos and ads pop up. they only get a little money after a thousands of ads were watched in their videos. iphone has a totally anti ads system while using safari, so stop complain about it
and now you're trying to get me to pay for youtube_ that's mostly, bonkers. could you at least not interrupt my time with the ads for it_ thanks.
it's lagging so much and sometimes the video freezes though the sound goes on working. also please don't show up any ads in the middle of a video it's a nuisance_ please fix this. gave it 3 stars just because i'm a youtube trash.
f_k u google, heights of forcing ur ads. no option to skip ads. many times these r over 30 seconds long.
because of multiple repetitative ads... is there a way to turn that off... im not interested. especially for youtube philippines every after video they are playing those stupid ads
constant playback errors, _tap to retry_. get it 2 times at least, on every single video. really annoying. plus now there are ads halfway through a video, wtf_
not fast very slow  connot download film_ not subscribed all videos_  very wait for showed videos_ high advertisement show_   too late plays a video_ please fixed and update
would be great to use to cast to other devices. now skip ad abilty removed. horrible company so evil. i had to sit through a 5 min ad for a 3 min song......
youtube you suck and blow with full 30 sec ads that you can't get rid off and when your listening to audio at one level and then the audio  screeching to a  higher volume  level when your ads come on _ yes much louder volume then my normal level plus  team that up with a pair of headphones and you have got busted ear drums thanks to youtube and vevo plugging hideous songs and artists at full decibels
way too many ads and the trending page is just filled with late night shows.
too much advertisement
can't watch any videos because of ad
i try to watch a video with a solid wifi connection and high speed internet but it always has to buffer for two minutes before telling me _connection to server lost._  the ads in the middle of the videos i can almost not really watch load perfectly well though...                         reading through these reviews and ratings i see that many others have the same problems.  this is something that needs to be fixed or people will move to a new video streaming website.
just too many ads. and for some reason i can't watch more than two videos without restarting the app even on a stable network.
people keep saying it is bad because of the ads but the people who are making these ads are paying youtube to put it on and they earn money by that. so if you are critising this app because of the adds you are unreasonable
i'm hating youtube even more now. first_ way to many advertisements. second_ i can't change my icon or header no matter what i do. even when i go through google_ it doesn't fix it. i should be able to edit my profile through my youtube app. just like i can with twitter and facebook. if i didn't like watching videos so much of wouldn't bother with youtube at all.
a huge improvement, youtube did a good job. too many ads now.
adding the ads has diminished any content. i can't  load anything but ads and even then spinning  nonsense.
cant watch a lot of videos because the advertisement doesn't play. and it keeps saying to reload the video while its playing, but taping it doesn't work anyway
even with great connection, loads of ads, i guess google has gone broke
in the new update as far as i know there is no more offline watching its super anoying if there is please tell me. the ads are the only thing that load not the videos
sometimes stutters unexplainably but usually reliable. changing quality often yields no change until 3rd or 4th time which is a bit annoying. also annoying is how it tries to load both hq adverts and videos on data, wish there was an option for preferential qualities when on data_wifi.                               _
plz get rid of the ads. google i need to watch videos it's what keeps me alive_. just plz for the sake of god_ get rid of some ads_ if ur poor i understand
please remove the ads, i dont like it . and all of the user dont like it
i cant watch a video until the ad has finished but the ad wont load. i wanna watch my videos
i just updated youtube and now videos will not play it will play the ads but not the videos, there are no longer any video quality options and no 360, outoplay does not stop even when you turn it of..come on google if your going to update an app its suppose to work better not worst there are so many bugs. ita almost unusable. please fix your ap. untill then im uninstalling updates and using the original layout, i  hope you get this sorted soon
getting very annoyed by the amount of ads in a single video and most of them are overplayed especially the hanes x_temp commercial _
the ads in between a video is annoying please stop.  i also hate how  part of a video will be blocked because of a stupid suggestion and i can't disable it
if your watching than the fucking ad comes and all that loading screen comes again
so much ad it's annoying and now we have to pay to get rid of ad... bummer
the amount of advertisements is sickening
can't skip ads when casting after update_
too many annoying ads everytime
usually works well, but when casting to chromecast, no ad information is displayed in the app, and ads can't be skipped, even though the _unclickable_ skip button displays on the tv
actually looking through the reviews _not _review highlights_ _ people seem increasingly unhappy..._ the _what's hot_ tab for recommendations is ridiculous_ youtube advertising youtube. i won't be using it, but it will take up space. _ the _redesign_ is still awkward and not intuitive. _ with the _subscriptions_ tab, instead of scrolling through your channels and seeing their videos on the same page, you have to go back and forth from a list.
ads are even worse. hey everybody. for _educational purposes_ go on youtube and search how to edit your host file to block youtube ads. they are trying to push to to buy youtube red. don't let them. turn the tables on them. most of us have limited bandwidth as it is. stop letting them _recommend_ you ads.
id give it a full 5 if i didnt have to keep pressing next on my favorites playlist. i love the new app. i love the background play. in love with the no ads. if we can just maybe get a continuous play setting it would be a 5star for me
look i get youtube needs to make money somehow, but nowadays i get an ad before every single video i watch. sometimes more then 1. having to watch a 30 second ad for a 4 minute long video is seriously worse then cable.
every time i touched the screen it thinks i want to pause then it wouldn't let me skip a long ad
well as u can read from the title bad update u guys may have pushed this update to early cause i miss skipable ads and i miss when i clicked on a video it would stop there and when i come back i can resume it but now this and i can't so please take note_
why_ just why_ not only are you forcing me to watch adverts now _it seems i can no longer skip them_ but you're forcing me to watch the same ones over and over again. i watched about 6 videos yesterday and between each one it was the same 20 second advert, today a different advert from yesterday but still played between each video and you won't even let me skip them anymore, why_
again, this latest update is trash_ why in the world is it ok to interupt a short makeup tutorial with a lame product ad_ of course we understand youtube is a business but this is horrible marketing and advertising practice. such a disservice to viewers_ please fix asap_ so annoying_
im ready to watch ad if i have watched 2 or more videos but everytime i watch a video an ad pops up and whats more annoying is we cant even skip....im really sick of this
after the app launches and i perform a search then i try to choose any video and it just freezes thus forcing me to close it after the _no responding_ sign pops up. plus, the ui looks nothing like the one is advertised on the play store. i tried uninstalling it from my htc one e9_ but it just won't give me the option to do so. very, very disappointed_
people watch youtube to see videos not ads. we see enough of ads on tv get the ads out i would give a 5 star for sure_
no videos fully load.  even on stable wi_fi.  sure, the ads load, but i'm not trying to watch geico or budweiser ads.
it continues to buffer when ever i try to watch a video in 1080p its just to frustrating and too many ads
ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads .. too much ads _
typical of youtube for android. update brings buffering issues, lag, crashes for weeks until they fix it. now spamming every video with ads. abo6t forcing someone into yt red.
ever since the new update its not playing videos at all on my samsung s5. it says the ad but it doesnt play and the whole screen stays black. please fix this.
plz get rid of the ads. google i need to watch videos it's what keeps me alive_. jus t plz for the sake of god_ get rid of some ads_ if ur poor i understand
helpful media preform ad scroll down legal rolls alert privacy protection,network connection user operators up to date use user device browser system.
whenever an ad comes on the app crashes
all these updates to make video streaming more than just streaming videos is ruining it, an ad for every video and videos don't load.
videos not playing... tell me why have a video app when videos don't play _ your lucky to get one star it makes me sick knowing that you prioritise playing an advert which plays absolutely perfectly but then when it gets to my video doesn't play at all
too many ads
the amount of adverts on subscriptions has ruined utube_
remove ads tp get 5 star
the netflix ad doesnt load and stops my video... please help_
hey here is an idea, how about you add more and longer ads. because right now there aren't enough. could you get on that_
30 second unskipable ads that comes on very often.
now it plays the same ad at the start of every video i go to
i'm using a samsung galaxy tab 3, and there's a bug, where if i skip an ad very quickly right after the 5 seconds, youtube crashes.
gotta love the fact itll take 2 seconds for a 30 second ad but when i want to watch a 7 second vine itll take 10 minutes. also the updates suck. stop.
while i'm watching a video or listening music it plays an autopause like every minute or smthn, then i have to press play again in order to continue with the video or else it won't resume it on it's own. and it is not ads either my internet connection i'm 100_ sure of that, please fix this cause is starting to be quite annoying to have this kind of interruptions every time i play a video
too often there's a failure to load those stupid ads, so i can't even get to watching the video... that's a major problem.. fix it_
bring back more categories. 'pets and animals' is my favorite but it's no longer there. please improve the comment section. let us thumbs_up_down a comment. let us filter between latest_top comments. eliminate auto_play next video. i hate when i'm reading comments and it switches to the next video. also, the ads are getting excessive.
now that there is youtube red there are ads on nearly every single video.
half the time it doesn't load anything, 45_ of the time it loads a 2 minute ad that i can't skip and then it doesn't load the video and the remaining 5_ of the time it plays 3 ads in a 5 minute video time.
heavy on storage and ram...fake virus scan ads kept showing up. we all want normal youtube that can play in the background _ how did you squeze 4.1 rating regardless of all the 1_2 star comments...use float tube app instead.
videos won't load but of course i can still watch the ads. thanks youtube.
way to many ads now always in middle of videos ruining songs
any video including ads are slightly delayed
can't play video but the ads play_ wow_ seriously.
i like being able to search for and view videos and tv shows. i do not like advertising text messages being sent to me_ sliding the bar to rewind back a little is imprecise and if you don't get it right and reslide the app crashes. 12_12_15 if it works fine, diddle with it until it doesn't.
are you guys serious, i can't even watch one video without getting a stupid ad_ i get it that you have to put ads but your going overboard with the ads in every video, in between, and during_ fix it to where we only see like a few and that's it_ youtube red is nothing big either_i'm not going to pay just for a little bit of features_
those ads, though.
there are way to many ads and now it rarely let's you skip them. i watch a 5 minute video and there's already 3 ads_ please fix if you can i'll rate 5 stars.
too much ads.
i will never enjoy youtube like before, unless the ads are removed
way too many adverts. there's one before nearly every video. 30 second adverts... really_ it gets on my nerves most of the time.
i used to go on youtube to get away from tv, no one likes tv its the worse. now all i see is ads on youtube i cant watch a video without em. i wouldnt mind one like before but three in one video thats to much.
youtube chromecast video plays then my phone can't skip the ads at all not talking about youtube red. very buggy
watching videos every advertisement showing up 10mins_ seriously_ c'mon_
now there are ads in the middle of the videos.  mid sentance and pow, ad intrupts. i get trying to sell your youtube red, but wow it is like mafia logic. _pay for protection... protection from us._  now it is pay for no ads or we will put more ads in.
ads took forever to load , actual video is fine.
loads ads...really well...
you guys seriously think i'm gonna pay what little money i do have just to watch videos on youtube that should already be ad free_ no way in hell. one of the main reasons i use youtube is because it's free and compatible at the local library and other free wifi areas. youtube will _never_ never, see a red cent outta me or get me to pay to watch what should already be commercial free videos. the fact that you think i or anyone else would pay you and are trying to charge people now is downright insulting.
the skip ad button is gone in youtube app in the phone while playing video on chromecast. please fix
ads before in middle and end. youtube became adtube. gg.
ad's before video starts ad during the middle of the video and an ad near the end of the video. now i cant even watch videos
one starts hating the repetitive advertisements. especially when the videos are of 2 mins and the ads of as long as 5 mins_
one starts hating the repetitive advertisements. especially when the videos are of 2 mins and the ads of as long as 5 mins_
please make it possible to play in background so that i can listen to music minimising it .. and please please please reduce the no of ads.. it is being really annoying. nobody gonna open youtube if this continues. _
too much ads and you have to watch them, you cant skip. we are not using youtue to see ads we could see on tv
every video you try to watch has a 30 sec ad it's ridiculous.
it always  have advertisment and the thing is good is they upgrade the youtube which is good so it can improve better i recomend u to download youtube its the best_ like it
i get ads everywhere and i don't know why and it keeps on crashing on me
these unskipable _ probably not a word _ ads are driving me crazy and props to them for youtube red _ which is insanity _
two more stars will be added if adverts stopped spamming the app.
there has been a noticeable increase in the number of ads. i can't go one video without getting an ad. if this is your way of forcing us into buying youtube red, i'm not doing it.
as long as i will have to watch the advert before the video itself it won't work. the advert won't load and so, the video won't start. please fix_
why can't i skip ads when using chromecast even tho the tv shows skip ad, but the phone doesn't so i can't actually skip. which is bullsh_t cause i'm always forced to watch a 2 or 3 minute ad before watching a 1 minute video. fail_
the new updates makes clicking _skip ad_ crash youtube. and when an ad appears in the middle of a video, it makes an overlay saying there was something wrong with loading the video, even though the video is playing behind it. terrible experience
loads ads...really well...
i don't like the ads but besides that it is awesome_
alot of ads and got logo screen when casting to chrome cast.
its a good app but you should ad  a video downloading option
it never works. ads load just fine, but when i want to watch the video, it never works. it is not a network problem. this never happened before the latest update.
can no longer edit comments _and still can't _1 them_..why would you takeaway features in an update_..is that really a smart idea_ and yet you want to push youtube red...you can't even get the basics right...why on earth should i subscribe to your services..with ad blocker for pc you would think a better mobile app would be essential, no_ just me that thinks that_
too many ads
i have a few years left to purchase youtube red... this youtube app is inaccurate on taking recommendations.  and there is no ad skipping available on most ads_ like it says _disliked it_.
i know it takes a big team to run a popular app like youtube _ i fully understand that in order to keep an app 'free'  you have to rely on the advertisers to fund your project. it used to be tolerable when only 1 ad appears with every 10_12 videos and every ad that did appear you were able to skip it within the first 15 seconds. but now, there's an ad on every single video that you watch and maybe if you're lucky 1 out of every 15 or so you you can actually skip_ it's the same ads looped over and over
i know it takes a big team to run a popular app like youtube _ i fully understand that in order to keep an app 'free'  you have to rely on the advertisers to fund your project. it used to be tolerable when only 1 ad appears with every 10_12 videos and every ad that did appear you were able to skip it within the first 15 seconds. but now, there's an ad on every single video that you watch and maybe if you're lucky 1 out of every 15 or so you you can actually skip_ it's the same ads looped over and over
a lot of ads never work properly with tv
takes forever to load. and they put ad's in the middle of the videos.
can anyone explain me why the fuck i can not watch any video because of the fuckin advertisements. they just don't load and it doesn't let me watch the videos
i have  encountered a bug where it gets stuck on the ads screen and you cant play the video
i would like to try the free ads and background play that youtube have and am willing to pay for it  but i'm not going to pay for it every month just to use it.
can no longer skip ads when playing on a chromecast. button will show up on the tv, but there is no option in the app.
youtube is really entertaining because there is a huge span of different humorous awesome musical people what makes it so good is that it's not all about one person instead its hundreds or even thousands of different amazing youtubers who post good quality entertainment the ads are the best but if it weren't for monetization the youtubers wouldn't be there or barely post anything because ads are what makes them money. youtube red isn't the best in my opinion, don't decrease their paycheck _deli sandwich
video skips on 720, searches don't save,will randomly change to 144p, are there people who test this app_, add 50_ chance to crash when you skip an ad
my phones freezes up if i pause the video and wait for a minute. i have pull out the battery for it to be fixed. also i don't mind ads just don't make them crash my youtube. please fix this
what choice is there_ google gets it and it's crammed with ads, slow and monitors everything you do. what's not to love_
stop making it _easier to find videos you love_ it doesn't even let the advertisement ads in the beginning play_ it just gives you an error and to touch to retry but it loops back to the same message. please fix the errors first before trying to make it pretty_ now it's just pretty useless_
stop making it _easier to find videos you love_ it doesn't even let the advertisement ads in the beginning play_ it just gives you an error and to touch to retry but it loops back to the same message. please fix the errors first before trying to make it pretty_ now it's just pretty useless_
if your interested in watching an ad thats twice as long as the video you clicked on, this is your app. auto opens in the background on its own. lots of blocked or fake titled vids. why is it, all the google apps dont work properly_ why is it, some unknown third rate developer can write better apps then google and their billions of dollrs_ im very disappointed with googles apps and the loss of quality they seem to suffer with every update. whats new with this update_ more ads_ wish i could delete this app from my device.
for some reason, i cant watch any videos with ads. im not sure why, but its causing a bit a issue since most videos have ads now _ im not sure if its due to a new update but i just wanted to bring it too light just in case it happened to someone else
what happened_ i only barely could stand the rediculously long unskippable ads and now 90_ of the videos i watch are unavailable_ who messed up. who thought this was a good idea. how do i uninstall this latest update_ youtube is basically useless to me like this. at least make the unavs unsearchable or something with a mark on the thumb. i am so sick of clicking and clicking and unavailable. and the flipin ads. why.
i getting bored of the 25 second ads take them out update to love it rating
i have youtube red why are there ads
a paid for version of youtube that has no ads...get real. if the ads were hours long maybe people would fall for it. if you ask me, its a waste of everyone's time.
since youtube red debuted, youtube standard has changed.. i have low bandwidth since i'm with metro pcs and i live in an area with low signal, everything was alright, but now_ not just some videos have ads no, all videos that i watch have the ad, and it's very annoying. my problem is mainly that the ad doesn't let me change the resolution to be lower, and it must be set to a high resolution.. now i have to pay to use youtube_ no.. i'm done.
ads everywhere forcing people to buy red f u
please get rid of all these ads_ i stopped watching tv because of ads and now youtube puts one every 5 minutes, it's unbelievable_
so you fixed _sort of_ the buffering problem and now everytime i touch anything i get a comercial. and not only the usual ads. oh no_ now i get ones which can't be skipped. this is just worse and worse_ guessing you changed the staff because you used to know what the hell you were doing.
if you want to watch  2hour  movie,20 ads wtf but if you  uninstall updates there is  no ads hope you fix that.
but there is  so many advertisement.that's why i give 4 star ..pls fix the problem
i won't pay _10 a month for the ad free version_ google getting oh sooo greedy_
to many ads after red update
i hated the ads stop it guys and the loading screen remove two of them now and then i will give it five stars_
i agree with others about the app, it's shot, buggy and filled with ads. new update fixed nothing. everything is blurred while playing video also. nothing works_
there's an ad after every video
stop it with the ads constantly in a video it's f ing annoying
just too many ads
you are forced to watch 30 second adverts you can't skip, doesn't google have enough money_ shameless corporate greed. the counter at the top of the page should read _1 billion forced downloads_ because you can't delete any google apps, corporate fascism, just like apple
wtf ads in videos_ plus where is my search history_ no recent search history is ever found anymore. what i see are at least 6 months older_ it's been this way for a long time.
use the app for streaming hd vids to my lg smarttv. best combo ever_  _update_ now discovered streaming through ps4.. even better.. now less adverts please_
and has adverts all over.
this december 10th update is admania. chill out and go back to the way it was. with less ads. plus i can barely skip any ads. at least before most i can skip in a few seconds these are 14 seconds and up now. are you kidding me_  this planet is so messed up now.
thanks to google music that is. however in streaming i will get ads at times...
queues and playlists are just totally broken _ only one video will play at a time before quitting, queue and position in queue are not saved. basically have to click on each video as you want to watch them. combined with amount of ads, huge pain.
ad free and easy to use...
the latest update totally ruined chromecasting. i can't see the queue or skip forward or backward and i'm seeing ads now even though i have youtube red. can i downgrade_
when steaming with chromecast it doesn't let me skip ads when skip ad is available. screen turns black and makes me watch the whole ad. doesn't help that is a stupid sony dslr commercial every time_ bullshxt_ volume controls stop working when streaming. now tv que doesn't work. seriously feel like google is trolling. there's never been a good youtube update. just less shxtty...
i have youtube red but after the latest updates i'm seeing ads on every video. wtf am i paying for_ update_ still seeing ads on videos. wtf google
too many ads.
video lagging while watchin. skip ads, the ads sound still in the background. fix it
i like youtube, i use it every day, but it keeps on taking forever for it to load and for some mysterious reason my brother doesn't have the fire button, but i do. wats up with that. and the advertisements are just too much. fix this problem.
my video will pause and reload a couple seconds into the video. also with the ads. one star for now until issue is fixed.
their is an annoying glitch where the video will stop playing randomly and having the same ad appear on every video gets annoying
a lot of effing ads. my daughter can't see the videos without the ads showing every effing time_
i can understand the constant ads popping. but i can't watch the videos in subscription. when its playing, the top or bottom is cropped off the screen. what is this_ please rework. sometimes updates are good. but this. i duno man. don't fix things that aren't broken. it was fine before. _asus zenfon 6
recently it has been having soooo many problems loading. it won't load an ad, it will buffer constantly, it will only load slowly on 144p, it will randomly stop playing the video in the middle... so many issues, it's ridiculous.
ever since youtube red came around the amount of unskippable 30 second ads is crazy, i wanted to watch a video that was 1_59 long but was met with a 30 second unskippable ad which was for google play music or something like that
im using lg flex and lg g2 on both of these devices i get the error there was a problem while playing and it last about a day at the least , its not the connection im on wifi everything else works fast with not trouble , could this be fixed possibly_ videos wont load i only get the screen as if the ad was about to start but nothing i close that video try to open another one same thing over and over again .
the mobile youtube app is loaded with commercials and ads before your video starts and in between your videos.  this is unacceptable.
ever since i updated youtube on moto g, youtube would not work right in more ways than one. when the ads pop up, they won't load, preventing me from watching my vids . even when i exit out of the video and try again, the ad comes back. then, when i have the video at high resolutions, the video will stutter and freeze up my phone. i had to reboot the phone 13 times now. y'all just had to give us crappy update. i don't know if this is a part of your plan to get people to pay for youtube red, but fix this now_
wtf....in ads u they said that the videos will load fast ...but no the hell ...its not loading since a month ...i'm on top of my anger...i have to download a video ...for educational purpose..pls fix i
cant even watch videos with ads. everytime i click a video and it ends up having an ad, the ad doesn't play much less load. it just stays at a black screen.
this app keeps switching to low quality video on its own and the useless trending section is wasting my space again_ why_ why can't youtube just open the subscribions window by default_ also, you started forcing us to watch unskippable ads now_ youtube red doesn't even work in finland, stop making the ads worse. also, i can't edit my comments, see _1s and so on... also, the video stops randomly.
i don't like to watch adverts
when you open a video it buffers the ad, but no video or ad appears. it's just a black screen. it has already happened on several occasions.
useless suggestions, useless annotations, useless popups to _watch this next_, more ads, more useless in_video programming, popups for a premium service, and buried somewhere deep beneath a hundred feet of crap, is the actual content. who thought any of this clutter was a good idea_
when steaming with chromecast it doesn't let me skip ads when skip ad is available. screen turns black and makes me watch the whole ad. doesn't help that is a stupid sony dslr commercial every time_ bullshxt_ volume controls stop working when streaming.
effectively broken. won't upload certain ads before playing video therefore denying access to most videos. also crashes when trying access settings. galaxy note 10.1.
apps may seem convenient but they're mqire stressful than anything. i can't watch anything _ blank screen that says an ad is coming on but nothing happens. useless...
plse fix buffering issue as ads play fast in full speed but video sucks i hav fast internet than also too much of buffering
an advert before every video. that's ridiculous. and more than half of those won't let me skip after 5 seconds so i have to watch a full minute of boots_ebay_littlewoods adverts. it sucks. i am just using the website now instead of the app. i would uninstall the app if it wasn't built in and taking up space on my phone.
on android 6.0 now and i still can't watch 720_1080p. this seems to be a problem with the galaxy s5, but it seems you're too busy getting money with youtube red and forcing people to subscribe by adding more ads in regular videos. it's ridiculous. get your s_ together.
the video won't start after some of the ads. it just stops and if i refresh. the same ad plays and it still doesn't work
same problem, stupid ads keep crashing the app. have to force stop the app to get it to work again. completely unacceptable_
theres all ways ads but can u have skip ads   everytime k thx
it doesn't even let the advertisement ads play. it just gives you an error and to touch to retry but it loops back to the same message. please fix_
it doesn't even let the advertisement ads play. it just gives you an error and to touch to retry but it loops back to the same message. please fix_
how come some videos are desynced and how cone when theres a 5 second ad it pauses at 2 seconds and the ad still plays_
the ads are terrible
the mobile youtube app is loaded with commercials and ads in between my videos. every 30 seconds a ad or commercial interrupts what i'm watching. this is unacceptable.
there's some many freaking ads it's not even funny..
used to work great, after updating this time it crashes every time i go into settings. the ads still work though. what a pos_
im not paying for something that's been free since the internet was created basically_ 5 second ads that u could skip, ok i get it... but come on man this is ridiculous_
i understand the point of ads... however, it's been pretty ridiculous lately. i think it's rather unreasonable to have to watch the same 30 second ad for hulu _without an option to skip_ before watching one video, then the same ad comes on again before the next video starts, and then the same ad started a 3rd time before the next video starts_ seriously_ i give up youtube... i simply give up_
every time i try and watch a video, there is an error and i can't even watch a single video_.  fix youtube now plus why is there an ad in every single video_ this also affects other youtube apps_ plus the ads. the ads_
go suck on googles play_by_play email and ads somewhere else_ i don't want to have to sit through 30 sec. videos of car ads just because you want more money_ its not my fault everyone already uses ad block_ jeez_
ads...ads everwhere
new update ruined. it runs in background and can't swipe it shut. constant ads for red u tube. other problems also. buggy.
your videos, ads included, take way too long to load. i love that you can skip certain ads after 5 seconds, i hate when 2 seconds in to that ad it buffers for thirty seconds. you guys have some work to do.
it works ok but some of the ads play themselves over and over again and i can't watch the video. plz fix
i just can't get it... why you guys can't add playing videos in background_ even when millions of people are asking for it_ shouldn't be that hard job ...  but you guys just ignore it....  please just take a look how many people are using other youtube player apps only because of this reason.if the problem is showing ads, for sure you can find a way to support the  advertising on background too.
i just can't get it... why you guys can't add playing videos in background_ even when millions of people are asking for it_ shouldn't be that hard job ...  but you guys just ignore it....  please just take a look how many people are using other youtube player apps only because of this reason.if the problem is showing ads, for sure you can find a way to support the  advertising on background too.
i have youtube red, and it was good for the first couple weeks, then for the last 2 months or so it isn't working. there's still ads, and i can't play anything in the background anymore. it's getting irritating. free trial or not, what makes you think people are going to want to pay for it if it can't even work properly.
wow a huge company like this and it takes weeks to fix what was not even broken_ _ does not load videos or just cuts out. think of the _ your losing on advertising. fix it you geeks.
the ad just make me hate youtube i just realize that apple is better i hate android and google
buffering problems, it force closes. desktop works much better. here's where i stand with youtube red. who would pay to have ads removed when there are ad extensions that automatically block them for free_ who needs a background player in yt red when there are apps available that do this for free. as if you're not making your millions already... each year, youtube gets worse and worse.
videos won't load not even ads it just says there was a problem this started about a week ago and i don't know what is happening
y are there so many ads
when i play a video it wont load the ad so i cant watch the video but if there isnt a ad at the start of the video it will load within a second
ads play fine, videos always seem to have a playback issue that results in reloading then seeing the ad yet again. works better through my browser.
too many ads. time to look elsewhere. for media.
ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads .. too much ads _
its good but i cant watch atleast 2 to 3 videos without seeing a advertisment that ive seen 10 times in the same day
i hate the ads... i would like to get rid of them for good because when i'm watching a info video it stops for a ad to play, fix it and ill rate 10_10
says there is an ad but the ad doesn't play which makes watching videos impossible
not only can you not set this to 140p and have it remember to keep it there, it often plays ads in high def so a 25 second ad stutters for a full minute. also love the ads in the middle of the videos that often cause connection troubles.
had to uninstall update. every time i tried to watch something i got a network unavailable message and a pop up ad for youtube red.
ads wont play
wish google never bought youtube billionaire need to advertise on any app they have,    youtube is rapidly becoming to annoying to want to use.   i never thought google would be the death of any application to me,  but must say, but must say i just whether browse the net then watch youtube now.  love me google and android ,   but not in this case
now they put more ads in videos with no skipping option and want us to pay for no ads and for background streaming. eventually we're going to have to  start paying just to use the app period
i love the app but ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads.
first off, too many ads. secondly the trending now tab is just gone. yesterday it was there and today it's not
as we are now forced to watch adverts, may we get at least get a 'mute' option please_
ever since the last update the videos have been stutter ing and freezing, but for some reason the ads play as clear as day that's a real problem.
youtube is an elegant application with many useful functions. youtube red is an interesting subscription service that i hope remains tethered to user generated content and freedom from advertisements. leave the subscription based video and television service idea for the google play movies app. great work devs_
the comment section is so bad now. it only loads three or four comments at a time and they are all from random times. it does not make any sense. ads are all over trying to promote youtube red which i don't want and the layout was better before. now everything seems to need extra tabs or clicks to get to what i want to see.
first of all for some reason videos will take forever to load but ads will work perfectly, second of all it doesnt show half of the videos in my sub box and only shows them from the same 5 or so randomly select youtubers that i subscribe to which is the biggest issue. fix it google
the new update makes youtube have so many ads_ i feel like this is a scam because google wants us to get youtube red by making waay too many ads play for every video.
youtube is a good app but it would be great if you can still play music or videos while the screen and if there weren't ads before and during the videos.
youtube used to be good, but now, thanks to its constant advertising barrage, it is barely recognisable. a great idea that has been ruined in greedy pursuit of advertising revenue. i, for one, side with bill hicks in respect of what anyone involved with advertising should go home and do.......no, seriously, kill yourselves
constantly freezing video while audio plays on a still image. really got all those ads working well though....
when a video opens up with an advertisement it rarely loads. it just sits there for ever what's the deal it's driving me nuts_
reduce the amount of advertising in video
whenever i want to watch a video , there's always that ad about an app called the rage of bahamut that appears instead of the vid _ plz fix this
since the latest update they've removed the skip ads button after the 5sec countdown. pretty slimy stuff.
i get it...you want us to watch your retarded indian ads but why can't we use your stupid app to listen to music_ pvstar was one of the greatest apps until you blocked it. i really hope your servers catch aids and die...
lately the unskippable 30 second ads have been running absolutely perfectly and then the video i actually wanted to watch freezes during the buffer.
sometimes stutters unexplainably but usually reliable. changing quality often yields no change until 3rd or 4th time which is a bit annoying. also annoying is how it tries to load both hq adverts and videos on data, wish there was an option for preferential qualities when on data_wifi.                                _
after the recent update, the videos and ads take a long time to load in the app, but in the browser it is fine.
all was good until last update but whenever an ad comes on before a video it won't load, the ad will end but the video instead of starting will stay keep spinning. working great without ad before. please help if there's solution.
i'm getting tired of youtube promoting their own service red_  seeing ads for external parties is bad enough.  yes, i know their doing their everything to prevent red from being a complete flop, which it will. but google execs should have seen that coming.  but they didn't because their not chosen based on merit but based on who can bend over the farthest
app on moto x 2013 freezes anytime the cache gets to 65mb no that it is upgraded to lollipop. seems to have issue loading ads on pre_roll. really annoying. i don't have the issue on my tablet.
i use youtube almost every day when i need some entertainment or to relax, or even if i need to learn to do something.  now, i have youtube red, i enjoy the app even more now with no ads.
i'll like to watch my videos without ads please_
it bugs me that i can't edit the comments i post with in the app   and the new youtube red ad's are annoying.
before youtube red, i could easily watch videos. now youtube ads don't work half of the time. i think its purposefully happening, but that's also doubtful. either they need to get rid of youtube red, which will never happen, or they fix this ad bug.
sometimes stutters unexplainably but usually reliable. changing quality often yields no change until 3rd or 4th time which is a bit annoying. also annoying is how it tries to load both hq adverts and videos on data, wish there was an option for preferential qualities when on data_wifi.                                _                                                                                  why would i want a trending page_
i lose connection on every video. loads my ads in hd perfectly fine but can't load videos
after about 5 seconds, every video i try to watch freezes while the audio keeps playing. every video except ads. nor sure what could be the problem but it's broken. gs4
does anyone no how to remove ads and run in background
there are ads on every single video and the ads never play so i can never watch any videos it had been working just fine up untill this year
you have to skip ads in every video u want to see getting worse and worse
its stupid u shouldn't have to pay for youtube red everyone is tired of the ads and if u don't have connection u should still be able to listen to music on youtube
wtf's wrong with the update_ when i watch videos the top boarder lags. and the ads pop up causing smaller screen
would be five stars but for the ridiculous ads . get rid of them . other than that an excellent app.
at first i thought these updates were pretty cool since you can play_pause by tapping anywhere on the screen but after a while i got fed up with it because now whenever i accidentally tap the screen the video pauses and it's really inconvenient. also it seems as if you can't really skip any ads anymore.. or at least most of them..
way to make an app that should be an obvious easy no brainer completely unusable. oh but the ads come in perfect. absolute disgrace.
for some reason, my youtube app lags and there are way too many ads. also, whenever i try to upload a few minute video, it gives me a ridiculous upload time like 60 or 40 minutes for like a 5 minute video. please fix.
the youtube red ads are starting to get annoying now. could you please slim down the youtube red ads to at least video ads and the account page_
most of those videos lags everything but why youtube red had to be _10.00 a month for ad free and music_ and that's not all, i hate when search history reappeared every time i deleted it
i don't mind the ads. i actually like most of them_ they keep me up to date on some things. but... you tube won't run in the background without paying for it. i don't want to pay for it, and i like the idea of the music video producers and the ad producers getting support. other than that 5 stars.
seriously been a freaking problem with all the unskippable ads lately. _
i love youtube, but i usually use my chrome cast to watch. i would love a like and dislike button on the pull down menu. also ads do not load well through chrome cast. they lag very badly. other then that. great app.
sometimes stutters unexplainably but usually reliable. changing quality often yields no change until 3rd or 4th time which is a bit annoying. also annoying is how it tries to load both hq adverts and videos on data, wish there was an option for preferential qualities when on data_wifi.
wait i had youtube red_ i had ad free_ when_
wtf's wrong with the update_ when i watch videos the top boarder lags. and the ads pop up causing smaller screen
with every update your app sucks harder. i can't watch more than one or two videos in a row without an error message. also note, anything i have to endure an ad for will never be considered for purchase.
i didn't have problem with ads until they started adding 2 ads at the first two seconds to the video...
every ad you play takes my data without my permission. why can't i play music in the background with this app_ quit stealing my data and make it so i can go to my home screen and i will 5_
now with the youtube red it's seems like more and more ads are added to make you buy it , for example i just got a ad when i clicked a video and a second later the same ad poped up agan. please lower the ad rate
ads playing on data kill use.  the ads have destroyed the app.  greed over content _
this app gives the most trouble out of all the apps i have. always fails to load videos but never fails to show ads. fix this.
the video player works kind of. still find many bugs. too many ads get played. videos buffer a lot due to ad content. wish this video player wasn't bloatware.
i can't watch a video without having a 30 second ad at the beginning and 30 seconds in the middle
after forcing ads on us, youtube hangs and stutters on ads, and not the actually content. what's the point of ads if we can't even have a decent user experience.
i have youtube read why are there ads
why ads_ while i watch videos i get almost 2_3 ads.. whats wrong with you guys_ this app is going bad and bad.. wish there was 0 star to give_ check the reviews everyone is complaining lately so fix this app asap.. i used to love this app but now i dnt wanna use it at all
not sure if it's the app or the android system, but it stops loading videos _ and even ads _ after i watch three or four _and it isn't always consecutively_. the only solution i've found is to restart my phone completely which a_ is irritating and battery_time_consuming and b_ has recently stopped working as a solution.
youtube sucks pier of ads
so much of advertising
videos are freezing and too long of ads just to watch a music video.
the app worked perfectly until about three hours ago, now i can't watch videos, but the ad will play fine. i looked online for solutions, being a new android user, but that didn't help. if anyone knows how to fix this, please tell me_
get rid of ads there annoying.... please... it's not funny... i will not update unless all ads are removed... _
if i typed in a youtube video it doesn't save what i typed it and it sucks and no advertising during a video please that sucks.
with this new update that came out recently the videos no longer play. everything on the app works except for the videos. and if it does happen to work it only loads the ad.
your youtube app has so many ads and the new _ads in between the video_ _are you serious_ _._ bullcrap that my internet has become very very slow in loading a single video. the no. of ads are a lot_like ones at the beginning which you can 'skip after 5 secs' _happenes rarely_ and then comes the flyer which appeares at the bottom left of the screen which you can remove. the most annoying ones the the stupid ad videos which suddenly play in between your video which you are watching....like really_ please fix
is really cool but it freezes all the time ....turned the quality to 144 and that use to fix the buffering problem but now nothing helps ....even ads are freezing and skipping...please try n fix ...i am going to uninstall new update to try to quick fix my problem ...but love new update just needs bugs fixed
when i click the video it straight up goes to advertisement but it doesnt load and im in an infinite loading screen which is annoying,  i have pretty fast wifi which could load vids back in the day fast
video always loses the connection but ads play just fine _
some ads don't load and so it is impossible for me to watch some videos. please fix
everytime i click on the video and an ad pop up ut freezes
the problem is nobody want to watch ads because it sucking all my data and please go to the old good version when people rate u five star not when people rate u 1 or 2 star.do read this because u making me into a hater
i can deal with the ads i love them but the problem is that when a ad is going to finish it go into the negatives like _1 _2 then if i try again and the ad does go then i'll have a black screen is there a fix and if there is pls show me because its annoying
wont load the advertising
a lot of advertisements and i wish i could exit out and the music still play.
the commercials are ridiculous, especially when they pop up in the middle of a video. commercials should be for in between videos, not in the middle of them. and it's also ridiculous to removed ads and have background videos play, for _9.99_month. that's just too much money
too many ads,, then when you try to void,it always crashed then timed out. _
not playing and getting struck with ads
when steaming with chromecast it doesn't let me skip ads when skip ad is available. screen turns black and makes me watch the whole ad. doesn't help that is a stupid sony dslr commercial every time_ bullshxt_
so, whenever i clicked on a video it would sometimes show an ad and i really don't mind them as long as they're short and skippable. however i really dislike that fact that some of those ads take too long to load and can sometimes even put a video of..lets say 30sec. take like 10 minutes or longer to load. and sometimes it doesn't even load the video at all. even if i try to close and reopen the app, same thing happens with every specific video i intended to watch. please fix this, because it's just annoyin
i paid for my monthly subscription for the ad free and background play but none of it works_ now i have re_cancel because everytime you say you fixed it it isn't. stop ripping people off_
hate the ads that pop up halfway through a video. take em off. put auntie corrie back an all. i loved that channel
videos kept getting paused everytime we trigger full screen. meaning ads will get stuck. fix please
every video i watch has an ad in the middle but once the add is over the video basically breaks i feel like i'm being pressured into getting youtube red
what the heck, i have a limited data cap and the fact that you steal from me with advertisements on every single monetized video is atrocious, you are thiefs_
i love youtube but when it comes to that 17 second ad, it wont load. please fix so i can marvel at some new videos. i did consider purchasing youtube red before this glitch.
what a waste of _7.99. does not give you access to music all access as advertised. customer support is horrible as well. they will lie to you just to get you off the phone.
i'm really losing patience with the mid video advert interruptions. after this, i wouldn't even take a pee in a bottle of mountain dew. the adverts are pretty much forcing me to quit youtube. before a vid is fair game. but interruptions mid video are pretty much disastrous. not to mention why i don't watch regular tv anymore.
add an option for video quality to ads. if i'm watching videos at 144p that means i'm either trying to conserve data or my speed is bad. nobody wanna to sit for five minutes loading a thirty second ad when the video their trying to get to is only three minutes long. please fix this. or you could just make it a flat thirty second timer no matter how long the ad is taking to load.
i can't load certain videos, i can, but i have to lower the resolution. i can load other videos like normal, without buffer, but i can't load these certain videos like that, either i have to wait or change the resolution. i can load the ads without buffering, but i can't watch the videos. i can load these certain videos normally in my pc. i've tried uninstalling and reinstalling, i also have the latest version of the app. this is really bugging me, please fix this fast.
every video you try to watch has a 30 sec ad it's ridiculous. sometimes after the ad it doesn't play the video also force closes it's self.
the ads are more than my dreams. nailed it youtube.
edit 4_ play offline broken. edit 3_ suggestions pop_up now prevents the notification and navigation bar from disappearing. edit 2_ can't change the resolution i stream a video at while using data.  edit_ now forces you you watch unskippable 30 second adverts half way through a 15 minutes video that had an advert at the beginning. this app was great but now forces you to watch 30 second adverts _no skip button_. no offence but i am not wasting 30 seconds of my life watching adverts time and time again.
i absolutely love youtube red_... it has absolutely no ad's anywhere... now i don't have to watch an ad every time i start watching a video... another plus is that u can download any video's and watch them offline _ i just can't say how much i love youtube red enough _
please put skip option for every advertisement and reduce the time coz one has to see the ad again and again if surfing through the same channel...rest the app is cool...hopefully someone goes through the comments regularly coz there are more than a million commenters and counting...
please put skip option for every advertisement and reduce the time coz one has to see the ad again and again if surfing through the same channel...rest the app is cool...hopefully someone goes through the comments regularly coz there are more than a million commenters and counting...
channel is good.too much ads.some videos are not full.some are blocked or not available in our country.some are not available hindi or english language.video quality is also not good.sound volume also very even full equalizer.
worrest app i ever seen........ ............toooo much ads use atleast skip button
as if 30sec ads weren't enough they decided to put ad pauses in the videos i mean cmon
first of all this app shouldn't even require a google account login, but for whatever reason, it does. so you log in and it says your account already exists _no s_ sherlock_ that's why i'm logging in_ because i have an account_ the only other option is to create a new account. which is stupid 1_ because i already have one and 2_ the new account is required to be gmail only. just use the website and save yourself the hassle. add to this autoplay and unskippable ads. this app is typical google garbage.
can't turn off the wretched autoplay. also, the _x_ does not close my app on my nexus 5... it does absolutely nothing. ads have run wild now that youtube red is around, yuck, they lag and cause loading delays.
i have to press the screen several times because it won't load and the advertisments are really long would like you to fix this problem so please fix this issue
i understand the ads are necessary but i don't really like you put it in the middle of the video. sorry was in 5 stars.
youtube is advertising more gaming because they want to apeal to more kids all in all best app ever you should make a youtube just for adults cause i see way to much things that go for kid like me
i've seen other apps do youtube better than google has for free. i don't mind having ads just please give us background play for free_ and it would be nice to have a night mode as well where it's dark themed and not a bright white.
update makes you watch ads every 2 minutes. sucks_ do not update_ahhhhhhh_ what a scam. now i'm looking for a better video app
it's becoming almost impossible to watch a video to its end without a very unnecessary ad popping up.
i have no idea what you did but now ads pop up under the channel names_ i don't like that if i could get ad block i really would..
only negative thing is how many ads there are
the worst crapware i use on bigbrotheros _aka android_  playlists stop. app has to restarted  often. no way to set default resolution.  i could go on, but a monopoly has no incentive to improve anything but commercial ads...
one issue.. advertisements taking more time
this is a really poor app when you consider how popular the site is the analytics that google has access to.  i dislike the new autoplay _feature_ and the heavy_handed ads, both of which use up more bandwith that i like.  turning off the autoplay or annotations in options does not save properly _reverts to ads and annotations next video_app launch_.  the same ads keep repeating ad_nauseam even though i have zero interest in some of the products.  google needs to limit max volume of ads because some are obnoxiously loud.  pushing to chromecast is working better but there is still studdering even with a good wifi connection _1st gen device_.
a week ago i updated this app and since then i have literally not been able to watch a single video on my phone. they put an ad at the start of each vid and most of the time even those don't play. wtf guys_ you made your product unusable_
i keep subscribing to google play and i am supposed to get ad free videos and background play yet everytime i resubscribe it disappears....
if i could just uninstall this application i would. sick of update and still no resolve to the dreaded blank screen or loss of connected content_ this still happens when you get bombarded with advertisement.
this new version is just a sneeky way for youtube to force more ads into programs. there are zero benefits to upgrading to this version_ don't do it. youtube also assumes you have an iq of 20 because they now feel the need to force you to deal with pop ups _explaining_ features. i am downgrading to a factory install version thats 3 years out of date just to avoid google's rubbish.
i'll go to hit the skip ad button and it will bring up my recent files to upload. when i hit back it takes me to a new lineup making it so i can't find the video i was originally going to watch. also now it won't go into landscape mode unless i tap the video, then tap the drop down arrow, then i have to tap the full screen arrows.
ad's before video starts ad during the middle of the video and an ad near the end of the video
it would cool to leave likes and dislikes  in coments and get rid of advertising or make sure to have instant  skip button  not 5 seconds  and make it easer  to turn off advertising
this app use to have a quick load times and very responsive ui now i find myself constantly have to stop and load a video even with 4g lte this need to be fixed. it's been a while since my rating and thing have not change for the better, ads are longer then ever and video playback is beyond inconsistent. google seem to not care as much about the apps functionality as they do about aesthetics and that's a problem am seeing across the board with in_house google app. please take the time and fix these issues
google ads are stopping the video while i watch for 1 min and its not just youtube its also in my entire tablet google you need to stop making ads i want it to be stopped so help me
the day i knew would come has arrived. 30 second ads can rarely be skipped now man this is some bs. i remember when youtube didn't have any ads then google bought it.
the ads are great, they work fine, and im sure they're making you a lot of money. but the videos themselves, the reason i wait through the ads, the product for the consumer_ they don't load at all. yes, i'm sure disabling the video service was a great way to save money. way to exploit your fans and consumers, google.
so a 30 second ad plays perfectly in full hd without an issue.  when the actual video starts i counted 4 times it stopped to buffer before the 30 second mark.  how can that be possible_  i get it though, you want us to start paying _10 a month now so you're making your free app completely unusable....
i love it but there is now to many ads it seems like
when and ad plays it will not load.. very annoying
google you are ruining all the good things on youtube with those ads. wasting half of people's time showing useless ads which we have zero interest. stop doing it.
the new interface is pretty good, but the connections between ad loading times, and actual video loading leave something to be desired
ever since youtube red came out theres so many ads and they kill your battery
fix the advertisement issues, it takes 5 minutes to load even on my 100mb_s download speed
can no longer skip ads mid video. so if you get a two minute ad while watching a video you have to watch the ad
worked fine. it was youtube. since this bulksh_t _pay for youtube option_ all i get is this equally bullsh_t _there was an error_ message as the video plays just fine. the error is you are greedy f_cks that need to quit the bullsh_t and let me enjoy my f_cking video in peace as i put up with your bullsh_t ads already.
since youtube red launched i have been getting long running ads that are unskippable. i know you are trying to make a profit but youtube is starting to remind me of game devs where i have to pay for no ads.
do not know what happened but for weeks now i am getting sick on ads and my page won't load
loved the youtube app and still except the minute or sometimes more long ads in the middle of the video.. i was fine with the beginning and towards the end but not acceptable the have an ad that length in the middle of a ten min video
when i'm watching a video ads pops out of nowhere
some videos will be stuck buffering when its a ad and never play
i cant listen to music by popular artists anymore because the ads buffer for like 3_ minutes at a time. they dont even load at all i just get the black screen with the circle. sucks
i guess it need to be optional. but the worse is when they force you to watch an add for more than a minute to watch a really not interesting video. i hate it. i feel really frustrated. i have not problems with ads but longers_ really_ come on...
i don't like the ads
the good _  easy to use,  videos play,  thumbnail playing while searching for other videos,  commenting is possible,  notifications work.  _ the bad _  all the videos now play at a mere 144p.  10 minute videos have another ad in the middle or near the end.   the _settings_ page is no longer accessible, it causes the entire app to force close.  _ the ugly _  the subscription page is extremely tedious to scroll through.   not having the option to search for videos of the current year,  you only get one day, week, month.
too many repetitious ad's.  i will never buy hp products again.  forced to watch the same 30 second ad four times in a row for 8 mins of video.  2 mins of ad time is a tad ridiculous...
i hate ads as much as anyone else but i understand that's how the app stays free. but if i'm gonna have ads before a video make sure they work because the ad won't load and because the ad won't load i can't watch my video
if i wanted to watch nothing but ads i would watch tv. this site used to be so good, now it is just a cash cow. sad really. oh and they remove videos they don't agree with politically.........says it all.
nexus 6p marshmallow. whenever i click a video _with a good connection_ the advertisement frame shows up but remains black. a spinning wheel shows up but never loads. this happens for every video with an ad.
nexus 6p marshmallow. whenever i click a video _with a good connection_ the advertisement frame shows up but remains black. a spinning wheel shows up but never loads. this happens for every video with an ad.
ads can't be skipped but take 5_ minutes to load a 15 second ad, even on wifi, which is blazing fast. ads now far more frequent which basically prevents me from accessing any content. big fat fail.
look i love youtube it the first thing i get onto when i wake up but lately i've been having difficulties with the advertisements taking forever to load. i know its not my wifi or my phone so could you please fix this
it seems like every single video has an ad now and to make matters worse, 75_ of the time, the ads don't load and make the video unwatchable. hopefully they fix this soon because at this point, the app is basically unusable.
love it but the ads like come on man i will have to pay money for no ads like no_ why just why but i still like youtube but i hate hate hate that you have to pay to have no ads
you can't continue watching  something advertisements are very lond i have to change
videos stop and have to reload when you rotate screen to horizontal view. why are there ads in the middle of the videos_
greatest app im a tuber i got money at youtube ads so i do unboxing vids with this so its awsome you can upload in your phone tnx youtube
the popular videos tab is weird _ why do the thumbnails of each video go blank when they are swiped up to the centre of the screen_ it makes no sense. also _ advert buffering completely ruins the chromecast experience _ it takes far too long for videos to start and they almost always stutter at the beginning. it's pathetic that you are partially introducing the need to subscribe to youtube red in order to have a smooth experience using the app.
not sure what happened but some videos get stuck on loading ads. very annoying
i'm fine with an ad before the video actually starts but when it pauses in the middle of the video and has an ad that's ridiculous it happens sometimes twice in one video
youtube just tried to offer me a _10 per month subscription_service to go back to the way youtube used to be in 2008. and with this same patch_ youtube crashes on about 50_ of ads. again, this is disgusting i hope you go bankrupt youtube there's a million sites waiting to take your space.
really cool. ads suck, but doesn't really matter.
still crashes after unskippable ads. doesn't happen when using the browser
i love watching videos on youtube but in each video i am forced to see the whole advertise... i am going to stop watching videos if this is happening more often...
you can grab this ad infested app. and shove it.
ever since youtube red came out ads will pop up and never load. forcing you to close the app. then when you try to load that video again the same thing happens. i'm not paying, i don't mind ads, but not if they corrupt the whole app wtf _  reading through the comments i see this is happening to almost everyone now. thanks...
i am getting still image while playing this started in ladt 2 days everthing was fine till date, advertising is another big isuues you can skip in 5 seconds but advertisement just hangs up that few seconds playing on chromecast is as well a problem advertising sync ts not in line withmobile timing
can't watch videos anymore, forever stuck on the advertisements buffering, showing a black screen.
so for the past two weeks all my ads are in spanish but i am in the u.s. not entirely a big deal when most are skip able but was confused as to why i only get ads that i can't understand what is being advertised
so for the past two weeks all my ads are in spanish but i am in the u.s. not entirely a big deal when most are skip able but was confused as to why i only get ads that i can't understand what is being advertised
the ads don't seem to load for lesser known videos but will for big obviously popular videos, maybe just a coincidence but if not then the ads just don't seem to load on some videos
the ads play properly however the video wont , it says click to retry. i might have to find another way to watch youtube . i guess people at google are only interested in revenues collected from ads and dont focus on real issues.
i can't tell if i'm watching cable tv or youtube now that it's been so littered with ads. if you're going to make ads skippable, don't even show them. facebook shows less ads than youtube, and that's disgusting. make a product that's free, have it become very successful, then spam it's users with ads_ find a better way.
when i click on a video, it will just have the visit advertiser thing on the top right but nothing will ever load. it just keeps loading. other times videos load perfectly like they're supposed to.
the advertisements take longer time to load than the length of the video. it is annoying to be forced to watch an ad for 1 min for video which is just 20 sec. also many times ads do not load and i'm forced to close the all and restart multiple times to watch the video.
the advertisements take longer time to load than the length of the video. it is annoying to be forced to watch an ad for 1 min for video which is just 20 sec. also many times ads do not load and i'm forced to close the all and restart multiple times to watch the video.
all my videos wont load. it looks as if the advertisements are going to load but stops and the _please try again_ message comes up everytime.
the app has way too many ads. on almost every video i watch, it comes with an ad at the beginning that i cant skip. sometimes the ads pop up in the middle of the video i'm watching too. i would rate this app 5 stars if it didn't have all the ads. please fix this. thank you.
why is there ads through videos
it is little bit better but because of advertisement i hate it
honestly, i love youtube. but my dan and phil videos are constently being interrupted by stupid coca_cola ads. and only those two same ads. it's annoying and they should either put differing ads or just remove the coca_cola ones.
videos arent playing because advertisements wont load.... lets go guys this app has one job
you can skip ads
i freaking hate ads
the majority of the time this app reports an error _video can't be played_ a few seconds into the video. then the video cannot be played unless the phone is restarted or if i force the app to crash somehow. advertisements before the video play fine though, funny. this is ridiculous. i've used and stuck with a lot of crappy apps becuase they were the official app, but at least they functioned.
to many ads.
good but get rid of ads
hard to reach subscriptions through tiny icons on phone. list view was better. won't even address the constant ads. yes i know about the red option. somewhat expensive.
one issue ads take forever to load
the ads keeps loading but it doesn't play_ please fix it_ i use youtube all the time, its really hard for me to not always use it_ so please fix it_
we can see our favourite channels or any video with the help of youtube but in this video shows advertisements first so this problem should be try to sout out.
it works then they update it and it doesn't work. repeat ad naseum
problem of home page advertising
i would give this 5 stars if there were no ads and if we could listen to the music while our device is turned off.
i've seen other apps do youtube better than google has for free. i don't mind having ads just please give us background play for free_ and it would be nice to have a night mode as well where it's dark themed and not a bright white.
the new play behavior in the feed is ridiculously annoying. i know you can turn off the play while scrolling, but you can't turn off playing from within your subscription feed. so many videos get played inadvertently now. also landscape mode shows no video details and all i see while scrolling is the video frame. terrible interface design and usability.
it never loads videos with ads, just keeps buffering. i updated and still does the same thing. i have a samsung lg stylo.  used to work really good but has turned almost useless. please fix.
much videos blocked bc of copyright, including mine. ads in the middle of a video that sometimes last a couple minutes, with no skip. youtube is going pretty downhill
i realize that youtube implements ads for content creators, but the ads don't even load correctly. they interrupt the video, play for about 2_20 seconds, and just buffer infinitely. absolutely infuriating.
so before i updated youtube, it was working fine. when i updated it today, every time i tried to watch a video, it would try to load the ad or video for more than a few minutes, then i would get the little _youtube is not responding_ would you like to  close it_ so if this could be addressed, that'd be nice. thank you.
i like the part where i can't watch videos because the ad is broken and never loads.
the ads aren't loading and it's happening quite often. this makes it so i can't watch the video. i updated, but the problem still persists.... this needs to be fixed, how is it not fixed_ seems like a server issue with wherever these ads are hosted. so incredibly annoying_
using a brand new droid, on fast internet, and the ads won't load, or take like 15 minuets to play a black screen and then just play the video
constant adverts
i keeps stopping at the advertising  won't go passed 14 seconds
videos that have ads in the beginning don't load for me.
whenever i try to play a video the ad won't load and i can't watch it. this has been going on for a week now. send an update out to fix it_
due to the ads i am no longer able to see videos so plz leave then to the end or middle not the beginning
each time there is an ad triggered the app get stuck with a loading sign. please fix. samsung s4
ads take forever to load and comments dont show up.. there should be at least an option to disable ads
1 _ no way to select the video quality permanently i'll have to choose it for every time, it takes 3 or 4 clicks to choose also. 2 _ make search option for every account as in the desktop version. 3 _ do you really need a advertising income out of youtube, that's crazy every time i open a new videos starts with an ad
1 _ no way to select the video quality permanently i'll have to choose it for every time, it takes 3 or 4 clicks to choose also. 2 _ make search option for every account as in the desktop version. 3 _ do you really need a advertising income out of youtube, that's crazy every time i open a new videos starts with an ad
ads won't load so i can't watch any videos at all please fix this
the app itself is okay, it's just stupid ads that get in my way. any ad that's exactly 15 secs long never loads and just pauses when it stops, never playing the actual video i want to watch
get a life internet being  ruined by all these ads
youtube red, so you can get errors loading videos without ads. also background play stopped working.
video playback is generally fine, but some ads take forever to load and play.
i don't like that you have to pay for no ads when in the beginning there was no ads.. i don't like the fact that you can not choose what quality you want on a video before it plays.. if it is something i really need to watch and it has 1080p60fps the. that's what the ads will stream in and guess what is not skipable well 1_4 g of data gone right there... i really hate that
i don't dislike ads until and unless the same add continues in every video there should be some variety seeing the same ad for around 30 out of 40 videos in a day plz it's annoying it doesn't feel funny i hope this issue solves frequently _aircel free internet plan _
stop the ads f'n please_
now there's  a second  ad that plays  during  video playback_  is that really necessary,  as it interrupts  viewing _
you can't watch movies without any ad breaks....minimum 10 breaks in one
the ad on the beginning of the video will not load, so i haven't been able to watch a video that starts off with a  ad which most do
the ads keeps loading but it doesn't play_ please fix it_
youtube has gotten better as a matter of fact i had no problems with it until now. there's a few problems, occasionally videos won't play or the ads will glitch out for some reason, but other than that i'm liking it _
please dont update. well done youtube for finding new ways to add advertisement in betweeen videos. really disappointed with youtube
there is an issue with the advertising taking forever to load and it's getting annoying. fix it_
it is awesome app which makes me happy....bt advertisement are annoying..
ok i'm always on youtube but lately the ads are taking forever to load and the videos in general and know for a fact that it is not my wifi.
search history won't update or clear, still. i tried to get help but my device is neither rooted or running any ad blockers. get it together mane
trending tab forces portrait mode and fullscreen videos, it's broken. i also have a nonfunctional red ad in the settings, so just remove that crap altogether.
i get paying to block ads and save videos for later, but do we really have to pay to use the app while the screen is off or in another app, it's just youtube investing in something people will never buy. we have pc to download any mp4 video, ad block is always on, and devices have google chrome to use the app while the screen is off or in another app, so i found it completly dumb to pay for these exsting basic fetures.
i use to love youtube... but, since when do you have to watch 5 advertisements in between watching a 20min video_ never happened before. is this a glitch_ cause it don't seem right and it's making me not like youtube anymore.
encouraged people to do something just like advertisement take a long time
video buffer every 10 seconds with android 4g lte even on wifi does the same. but the ads play no problem of course. uninstalling.
whenever i try and watch a video it plays normal and then like 30 seconds into it the video freezes but the audio keeps playing. fix we don't watch stupid advertisements to watch videos that don't work
good work google... so many ads it stopped working completely.
some ads won't load at all making youtube practically useless
they're are countless ads, videos only load half the time, and when they do it's resolution is at 360
google, fix the bugs with your profit from ads. so many ads and bugs. idc about ads to make profit cuz u have to earn money but idk why u guys do not fix  bugs with ads profit. use money wisely.
can you fix your goddamn app please_ i'm trying to watch a playlist of videos and i can't because the ads that i am forced to watch never load.
i love it and the app ekels getting better.. but..you just shower me an ad for a horror movie. its 1 am. dark outside.. please maybe don't do that again_
theres an ad every video
a few ads are acceptable, but the same freakig ad at the beggining of every video_ seriously_
you did so good, then you screwed it all up. we could listen to music without having the app open ad free, but you took that away. why do you mess things up_ are ever going to fix it_
everytime i play a video. i have tap to retry but the video is still playing in the background. i am using my data to play since i was put during this occurrence. my data is fine by looking at the signal and such. also the ads that play, freezes up near the beginning  whenever i watch any vids.
it has too much ad
youtube should ban the advertisements
new update keeps freezing my videos, ads are all 30 sec now, can't lock my phone without video stopping. horrible plz change this is the app i use the most.
really hate that when watching half and there is ad pop out. are u insane_
the ads are starting to annoy me 90_ of the time the ads don't load please fix this or remove the ads that don't want to load when it's fixed i will give it more then two  stars
alright google, if your gonna put ads on every other video, make sure the ads load properly. i, on average, now wait longer for the the ad to load _which doesn't always happen_ than it takes to watch the entire video. i reinstaste, really..._
app is continuously trying to load an ad but never finishes loading. this happens on any video i try to play.
there are too many ads, and it stopped me in the middle of my video to show an ad. this is stupid.
advertisements almost never load and i can't watch sh_
i cant watch a video without cutting it more than 20 time and showing me some ad i am sick with youtube
dislike the fact that there are so many more advertisements with this new update.
20 minute video i expect 2 or maybe 3 ads. i get well over 4 ads all the time. give me the option to watch a long ad or multiple short ones in the beginning. i'd rather suffer 2 minutes of an advertisement and then never have to see one for the rest of the video again.
20 minute video i expect 2 or maybe 3 ads. i get well over 4 ads all the time. give me the option to watch a long ad or multiple short ones in the beginning. i'd rather suffer 2 minutes of an advertisement and then never have to see one for the rest of the video again.
i have it because i have google play music but i still get ads when browsing youtube_
thumbnails take forever to load and so do your subscription circles. half the time ads don't load so you can't watch videos, needs fixing fast
this is a better ad gd app
i wish the there was no adsyou have to pay for no ads.that is messed up
now instead of ad bombs the video freezes in a frame but the audio continues on. fix_
too many ads that take way to long it makes me not want to mess with it other then tgat it has everything
great app but the number of ads, especially when casting, is overwhelming. you can finish watching a video, rewind and be subject to another ad...
freezes a lot, ads every 5 minutes
instead of ads every 3 or 4 songs, there is an ad after every song. the constant switching from song to ad interferes with the play quality. skip ad button doesn't work. youtube has been on a steady decline... started when they removed offline video saving about 6_8 months ago. sad...
the amount of ads youtube has is outrageous
too many ads. on every video i watch there is a ad. then it take for every to load the ad. plzz fix it then i'll give it 5 stars
the ads during the videos are making this really unpleasant
everything is okay and i appreciate the offline mode but the only problem is the google ads they tend to interrupt whenever i open an video
what  i  started  to  play  a game  ads even  in my home  screen  and  in play store  because  of  this  update  can you  please  fix  it  for  5 stars
latest update broke it.  search results load quickly but no video will play.  not even ads.  do not update.
youtube ads have gotten out of hand. soon theres gonna be ads between ads
the ads during video is really frustrating. i have irritated badly. now i'm searching for some other applications which can replace youtube.
the app works fine, but there some odd aspects which seem to be ignored. one being that there are phones and tables that could run 4k_ quality, but the youtube app limits mobile to 720p. it would be better if you gave the option to run the video at the quality the uploader had it as. we watch ads, why can't we watch them in 4k_
some people can't afford the ad free youtube and the ads are just everywhere but i will never stop loving youtube please fix
ads cause the videos to stop playing and stop the app from working altogether thereafter. this needs to be fixed asap
i don't understand why such low ratings in the reviews. i've never had any trouble unless my phone itself is either low on data or out of wifi. otherwise the app works just fine and i can find just about anything i want to in the search. i enjoy this app and spend most nights using it to fall asleep as not much else helps. obviously i wish there weren't any advertisements but everything does nowadays. so its not much of a bother. thirty seconds of advertisement doesn't make me not want to watch the video.
youtube wassup. app works wen it feels like it, ads take forever n steam is sloppy. fix please your youtube....
i can play music in the background finally_ that feature alone makes this worth it. plus no ads.
too much ads these days, can't watch a video with watching ads
yeah watching a video when the yellow line in the progress bar appear which means an advertisement which also messed up the load because the advert didn't load correctly saying lost connection with the server trying to refresh the video but no advert ruined it why just why
it got better but ads make it off also no downloadings for cell phones. fix it and get 5star ratings
so many ads that could not be skip. if you total up 30 sec for an ad for each of the video i watched, i could probably finished a movie in that time.
youtube has essentially stopped working. if i reboot my nexus 7, i can watch one or two videos,  then it says there was a problem, touch to retry. but that never works.  update_ going back to the old _built_in version_, it works more reliably. makes you wonder how the code monkeys justify their daily bananas.  it surely isn't from making improvements_  ps_ ads seem to play just fine, big whoop.
great job google ads every single video that what we ware expecting.
this app is getting worse_ every time i get on youtube the ads would never play. so without it being able to load. it will never get to the youtube video i was planning on watching in the first place. fix it please_
the scrolling screen lags the video freezes alot while it still plays and the ads play over and over 3 times before the actual video even plays its been that way since your most recent update. please fix it.
every time i add a video offline the next day it says _ video file not found_     i mean seriously. .wat kind of kick ads app is this_
it used to be that it worked fine on my moto x. but recently i have playback issues when it brings up an ad. works fine when i don't have to watch an ad but as soon as i do, it buffers a few seconds of the video following the ad and then stops. and i have to close and reopen the app to undo this in hopes there won't be an ad again.
i love the features .jst popping up of ads in the middle of any video nt the starting _that's ok _but the popping up in the middle is nt appreciated. much
can't get thru a 5 minute video without watching freaking ads.
the old youtube was great but now there are 30 second ads in every video with no skip ad button please fix
take off the ad plz
i use youtube heaps, and recently about half the time an ad will crash the whole program
mostly works when it should, i have a slow connection and there's a lot of time spent loading advertisements i don't want to watch. i had google play up until last week as i was going to switch to spotify since it's five dollars cheaper for broke students, and now come to the realization that they make it so you can't listen to music in the background or not even with your screen locked unless you have a new _youtube red_ membership which is dumb and encourages use of alternatives available on the internet.
i keep getting this error when attempting to play any video. advertisements work perfectly fine though. this has been going on for three days, please fix. _ _ _ edit_ its working now.
youtube tries to play ads but crashes or finishes the ad and leaves me hanging could do with some repairs there
really_ updates are supposed to make things in general better but youtube is more buggy and kinda useless than the factory version_ you  have your screen stuck on the same image frozen after just 2 to 5 seconds, you got long annoying ads that pop up and make it even more difficult to handle, and then you got the fact that they _probably_ make it so that you can't even watch a 2 minute video without it saying _connection error_ _even when you have good and close wifi_ so you give up and get _youtube red_
i hate the buffering the most. then you have all these advertisement, which is annoying. it would be wondrous if both these problems were fix. i would be more than happy to give you guys 5 stars but sadly cannot until those two things are fix.
what is going on google and youtube answer us we need to know why we cant load play and what is with all the f ing ad's it buffers on low. and cant even watch hd im on my phone with unlimited data and the video s are buffering all the time and it is not my data or phone it plays movies right on line
so, whenever i clicked on a video it would sometimes show an ad and i really don't mind them as long as they're short and skippable. however i really dislike that fact that some of those ads take too long to load and can sometimes even put a video of..lets say 30sec. take like 10 minutes or longer to load. and sometimes it doesn't even load the video at all. even if i try to close and reopen the app, same thing happens with every specific video i intended to watch. please fix this, because it's just annoyin
it's stupid that i can't minimize the app and do other things on my phone, here's a tip, download itube apk , i did on my priv, works great, links ur youtube list etc..... and no ads, again, did it with my blackberry,check ur phone to see if u can get it, trust me
ads_ am now getting 3 different ads in one video after the update.
f_ck the ads. f_ck the lag. f_ck youtube. freezes to much, search history not working, it won't even erase the one that appears, and the lag. oh may gawd the    l         a          g, even on short videos with minimun quality and good connection. way to go google, what else will you buy and f_ck up next_      _5 stars.  nice lay out though. i dont drink alcohol stop the fing finlandia ads every two videos. really thinking about dumping youtube, i can have my podcasts on itunes.
so i really like youtube and all. but my problem with youtube is that the video makers who partnered for ad revenue were forced into subscription or their content would be deleted. i lost alot of content from my favorite video playlists thanks to that bull.
my phone runs pretty good, but youtube is really slow. i can hardly make it through the ads.
i am a youtube red subscriber. when the app auto_plays videos after via chromcast it plays ads. this needs to be fixed. i'm paying money specifically to not see ads_
most videos are around 50_ volume, between videos ads get played with full volume and are way too loud
the app plays advertisement but not playing videos. can you look into it_
in video ads every 10 minutes. i'd rather watch on browser.
it's physically impossible to choose the exact time i want in a video.  the slider ball is entirely too sensitive and cannot be used accurately. also, why can't you control the resolution of ads.._ i shouldn't have to watch an hd 30 second ad when im not on wifi.
when i'm watching videos with chromecast, they suggest me a following video, and when i want to cancel it, it removes the video i'm watching. also the ads are killing me right now. sometimes i'll get a 15 second long ad for an 8 second long video.
i have been noticing that youtube is getting endless advertisement even by the time iam filling this an add popped up do something
when ever im watching a video a ad will pop right in the middle of it then it will start the video all over then when i go back to where i was on the video a ad pops up again plz fix
ads won't load, therefore it won't let me watch the video_ please fix soon_
it has too many ads and the videos load too slow
why when i open my youtube there's always an error _ pls fixxxxx it . and the ads . why so many _
the ads make videos freeze
the youtube app has gotten better but the issue i have right now is that advertisments take a long time to load and i have to press on the play button multiple times to load the ad and it's annoying when the ad is not skipable. also auto mode does not work i don't have the fastest internet so for some reason the vids load in 720p when it takes forever to load and i have to wait until it buffers to change the video to something lower. auto needs fixing. would appreciate an update soon
the youtube app has gotten better but the issue i have right now is that advertisments take a long time to load and i have to press on the play button multiple times to load the ad and it's annoying when the ad is not skipable. also auto mode does not work i don't have the fastest internet so for some reason the vids load in 720p when it takes forever to load and i have to wait until it buffers to change the video to something lower. auto needs fixing. would appreciate an update soon
i keep getting this error when attempting to play any video. advertisements work perfectly fine though. this has been going on for three days, please fix.
i'm unable to watch videos because an error message pops up and when i click to retry loading it, the loading bar runs forever. skips ads by itself just to run loading bar even longer.
sub par for a main google product. 720_60 will not play.  commercials cause app to stall.  i bet you advertisers enjoy paying for stalled commercials...
advertisements make it impossible for pleasant use
everytime an ad comes on it freezes all the time, then after i have to restart my phone so it can work.
i love youtube.  4 starts as a protest to the ads that seem to just multiply.  you set up a playlist, and every video has an ad.  can't we get a break every now and then_ pleeeaaasssse_
the ads take forever or don't load at all which means i can't watch the video. all i see is the circle going around and around. so i have to keep going to different videos to find one that doesn't play an ad.
video stops working everytime an ad pops up in any video
the ads are terrible now bring back the pre video ads i literally cant watch 5 seconds of a vid without an add stopping it i would give negitave 5 stars
there's this really annoying lag going on with every video i watch. the video would freeze for a couple of seconds while the audio continues and they don't sync afterwards. please fix it, i can handle the ads but not this.
too many annoying and unskippable ads. this completely ruins the user experience on the app.
i have youtube red but after the latest updates i'm seeing ads on every video. wtf am i paying for_
if you like watching ads in the middle of the video your watching. well you will enjoy the newer app.  go back to the old one or make less ads play in a 15 min video.
it seems that every update adds _or just advertises_ new features but the app its self doesn't get fixed or really improved. the u.i. has changed a bit _mostly for the new content and nothing else_ and i still get all the same issues i got 2 years ago. random pausing, constantly bouncing around the resolution _both regardless of internet speed and connection_, and often times the videos simply fail midway through. honestly i get better results watching youtube via the browser.
just please get rid of some of the ad's
3 stars because it works.  minus 1 for no backround play and minus 1 for unskippable 30 second ads.  here's an idea, make it better product even if you won't cash in as much on helpless consumers.
it just stays loading on the advertisement video what the hell_
i don't have a problem with ads for a free service, but there comes a time when you stop clicking videos because it's overwhelming and not worth sitting through a 30 second ad for a 7 second clip every single time you click a video, once every few videos maybe_ but not every single click. there's _paying the bills_ and then there is greed.  no thanks.
is essentially going to kill your favorite youtube creators. they make their revenue from ads and youtube reds current business plan does not support content creators. secondly pandora and google play music offer the same service for cheaper and are more reliable apps. so unless you believe this is the future of youtube. you have no one but yourself to blame when. all that's on youtube is music because that's what it's coming to. those of you that support youtube red have no idea how little google cares.
ad situation getting out of hand
please make all the advertisements have the 5 second skip. i don't like how i have to watch 20 second advertisements.
my video always freezes and so much ad's are coming you idiot
i just got this idea accidentally, this happened when i watch an ad videos from some app.. and this is a great feature, _hope you read this_ okay.. the video pause when you pull down the notif bar... thats a great feature right_ if not, i dont know what else.. hope the new update have this feature _
pls fix the ads while i watching you tube.. when i still watch the ads is on my screen, youtube then while watching it is still loading again..
love how it will play ads no problem but the video i'm trying to watch will never load
ad free shouldn't be a privilege, it should be common decency. all developers are trying to get rich these days from ads.
great ui good features. please give ability to block ads. mostly irrelevant ads e.g. ee 4g the largest network. er.. i'm on ee what's the ad selling me_ _block me thinks_ _great thinkers get another revenue stream_ and _yes the time is coming when there would be another video streaming app _ great features offline mode is a tad disappointing but looks like its on the right path to being a great feature.
i'd put 5 but you know the ads
okay so i can go into youtube hit a video an the ad plays but then the video can't load_ _lost connection_ or _no connection_ or _trouble while playing the video_  when i do have connection... what the hell the need to fix asap and stop messing with it.
i'm having a problem with the curser it automatically moves back to where the video is at and it's annoying when i try to scroll back. and the ads between videos ruin everything_
right now it won't play anything. my wi_fi is connected an the ads play but the actual video won't play_ plus i don't like the new update_
i cant  reproduce a video always said error.  but for the ads never have error. fix that
ok i am sick and tired of how ads always buffer and buffer and buffer every time i try to watch one goddamn video_ they never finish buffering so i always have to close the video and open it again until it works_ this needs to be fixed as its getting real frustrating_
every time i watch a video i have to watch a 30 second unskippable ad for ea's horrible new staw wars game, even when i watched it less than 30 seconds ago. it also has obvois bias. the actual videos run like garbage but the ads run perfectly, because god forbid you miss one second of the ad you watched before the last 20 videos.
cannot watch videos on wifi. ads will load and then the first 10 seconds of the video would load. after the 10 seconds it would say there's been an error, it will restart the video, and the app would just remain buffering. does not seem to have the problem as often when using mobile data, but it still happens. edit_ maybe this app is just garbage. like what type of video app doesn't play videos. can't blame the internet connection either. garbage. basura. d_chets. lixo.  rifiuti. m_ll. th_ng r_c. garbage.
the ads won't even let me watch the video_
you should add this features, playing doesnt stop after exit, sometimes you need just audio, also moving forward and backward with touching vidoe surface, the app most be smart and doesn't recomand videos that already has been watched, and with new update there is too much ads, if you need more ideas to making you app better just tell me _d
i've been having problems playing videos due to advertisements that won't load.
latest updates have been troublesome. for starters, freezing video, retry errors, and the ads _ amazingly work _ but then stop at the end and don't load the video i wanted to watch.
just mind blown that ads work perfectly fine, after that, doesn't matter what video i'm watching, it's always losing connection even though i am on wifi. there are times that i'm greeted with a _touch to retry_ right after an ad and i cry everytime. please fix whatever is causing this.
loved it but without any ad upload n full episode of ek the....zee please
what's with the ads during the videos longer than 10 minutes_ i don't mind watching an advert before but not during a video. and the latest update has caused buffering too. the app would be better if we could either download videos or save to watch offline. used to be 4_ but now with the ads and still can't watch offline and the buffering 1_
what's with the ads during the videos longer than 10 minutes_ i don't mind watching an advert before but not during a video. and the latest update has caused buffering too. the app would be better if we could either download videos or save to watch offline. used to be 4_ but now with the ads and still can't watch offline and the buffering 1_
there are so many ads there are  like 30  seconds and i can't skip them
every time i click a video and an ad plays it crashes
every video i click has an ad and its just the same one over and over again
the app always seems to be locking up or crashing due too many bugs. nothing more annoying than sitting through their commercials only for the app to freeze or be _unable_ to play your video after wasting your time watching ads.
worst app that i saw it in my life..                                                     fed up of large amount of advertisement....
cant watch a lot of videos because the advertisement doesn't play.
there are too much ads please remove ads
like u r forced to watch 30 sec of ads....u cant even skip it now....like whts wrong google_
the save offline _ ad free for the membership i get, but background play should be free, think of how many more people would use youtube instead of spotify _ pandora if you made this available to all members, also can you add a shuffle feature for playlist que
okay, i get it you make money on commercials. what did you have to remove the skip button for the commercials so i have to sit there through a three to four minute add without being able to skip_ i don't mind having to sit through a 30 second or even one minute ad but with a 45 minute video having six ads that have 3 minutes each or more is ridiculous.
lately ever single video or ad that i have watched had a delay on it and it makes it almost unbearable to watch.
the ads are redonkulous_  what a petty service this has become.  also, why does the sound stop if the screen goes off.. junk_
on the new update whenever i try to watch a video the audio will get off by a second or so. i have kit kat 4.4.2 on a lenovo a8. it happens with ads too, not just the videos. happens on all levels of quality, too. but it works on my galaxy s2... what's up with that_
the old youtube was great but now there are 30 second ads in every video with no skip ad button please fix
judder, judder, judder, judder. _loads new video_ . . . . . . judder, judder, judder, judder. it always judders for 30 secs upon loading a new vid, even if you let it stream first. on a fast, reliable wifi connection or 4g it's the same. and the amount of ads is a f_cking joke. using a honor 4x.
whatever you did... undo it_ no one needs hd on a mobile data network. plus now the videos barely even work. get with the program... there should be a permanent settings option... that controls the maximum resolution... and all of the video advertisements should be limited to 240i period. there is no excuse fir advertizers constantly forcing us to consume all of our data for their stupid crap we dont want anyway. if it's a video ad it should be saved and streamed from _android_data_com.youtube.whatever_fix_
whatever you did... undo it_ no one needs hd on a mobile data network. plus now the videos barely even work. get with the program... there should be a permanent settings option... that controls the maximum resolution... and all of the video advertisements should be limited to 240i period. there is no excuse fir advertizers constantly forcing us to consume all of our data for their stupid crap we dont want anyway. if it's a video ad it should be saved and streamed from _android_data_com.youtube.whatever_fix_
please fix this _ my app is now getting ads all of a sudden.
this is a very good and helpful app. the only problem is that it is very greedy with the connection,and it uses a lot of it. please find a way to stop it from needing too much connection. when you fix this problem in will like it better,and i will rate five stars. can you also make so it has less ads.
why are there so many adds and 30 sec ads with no skip button needs work constently crashes on the lg g vista and the samsung galaxy tab 3 plz fix
ads pop up every couple of minutes in the middle of videos.
i cannot view any videos that have ads before them. even when i try to press play, it simply sticks on the pause button, and the left hand corner says ad _ with however many seconds it should be. i am thoroughly confused and angry.
plz block ad
i usually never bother with reviews, however the ads are getting absolutely ridiculous. i'm having to watch 20_ second lond adverts that i cannot skip every two_three videos i watch, and it's the same couple of ads_ guess it's all about the money nowadays
i usually never bother with reviews, however the ads are getting absolutely ridiculous. i'm having to watch 20_ second lond adverts that i cannot skip every two_three videos i watch, and it's the same couple of ads_ guess it's all about the money nowadays
it doesnt open at all...everytime i go try opening it... but it  just shows up the loading sign. u showed ads saying no buffering ....but it is not like that...pls pls plz plz...fix it quick
thanks for all the 30 second hulu ads that you can't skip_ and ads popping up every time i go to watch a video. well played, yt.
not liking the new update. i can't read full titles of videos while casting to   nor can i see any details about the video without having to play it with ad and all first. casting with youtube was much more user friendly at the start of the 2015. you could tell what you were clicking on before, now you have to load the video and have to play it before you can even read the title. the previous version i used allowed me to at least flip the phone to landscape to read the full video title, now itforcesgridview
there are way to many ads at almost every video i watch there are ads
i keep getting _an error has acured_. it's been doing this every couple of videos. the ads load up just fine but the video itself almost always fails.
latest update has slowed down videos on android devices it seems.  no other explanation why netflix works perfectly on my wifi and youtube does not.  guaranteed ploy by youtube to get us to suscribe to youtube red.  not making enough money keeping ads buffering fine and actually videos not.  it would be a shame to let this ploy work as well.  they know how popular their service is and they exploit that even a substandard product will just have to be exceptable to us and screw us for wanting better.
it is okay if you play the ads in first video or some very popular ones, but if the ads appear on every single video that's it you go over the line. do you think the bloody ads don't cost us nothing_ it cost me battery life for start, then my mobile data, then my bloody precious time. you better start searching another way to get that dollars.
they've put ads in the middle of   videos and now when i select a video their stupid ads don't even play and its just a black screen.  i've let it sit for three hours and nothing's happened. im done just done.
whenever i try and load a video that has an ad attached, 90_ of the time, the advertisement will not load, so i can't watch the video. i click onto other non ad videos and they load in the blink of an eye. for some reason the videos containing advertisements are glitching out and will not play.
whenever i try and load a video that has an ad attached, 90_ of the time, the advertisement will not load, so i can't watch the video. i click onto other non ad videos and they load in the blink of an eye. for some reason the videos containing advertisements are glitching out and will not play.
every time i go to watch a video it will play for 1 min then..shows the loading symbol shows for about 2 mins then a pop up ad. what is going on youtube._
but.. the ads freeze and show a black screen with 15 seconds not sure if its my connection or just youtube freezing
after every ad the app crashers.. had reported it many times.. but no improvement.
evrything's beautiful, but there's alot of  ads and ads. i don't want to subscribe to youtube red. please stop that bullshit
i prefer to use something else youtube sucks too much now days  annoying ad commercial
the sudden interruption of ads are really annoying.
ultimate user experience. only thing which annoys is ads.
people watch youtube to see videos not ads. we see enough of ads on tv get the ads out i would give a 5 star for sure_
i love youtube but why so many ads lately_ especially on hour long vids i want the ads to be gone i get 5 minutes into the video then bam ad right in my face. plz fix this problem
their way to many ad and you can't even skip some is annoying and putting random ad during the videos was a horrible idea please change it
it works. it does what it's supposed to. but it also has a subscription service. you've proven that you can allow users do one of the things they've wanted to do from day one, play videos in the background, and you want people to pay, not once, but monthly, for this feature. to make matters worse, this app comes pre installed on my device, and i am unable to remove it. i can understand paying monthly for an ad free version, but for something that is key to the app_ come on. change it.
it does the job. just not very optimized even with high end equipment. loads ads in 4k flawlessly, but refuses to play a 5 minute video in 360p. again, it does it's job, that's about it for a mobile app.
if i can give you 0 stars, i would  this app is getting worse and worse by adding all those ads and making it boring to watch, youtube is getting worse and worse, if you are watching a long video,  you have to watch an ad every 3 min or so, this app is bad. uninstall is the answer....
just watching 2 minutes start with 5 minutes non skip ads. worst of all sometimes i got a non appropriate ads. seriously wth_
for some strange reason when im at school it wont play videos only ads please fix this and i will give this app 6 stars. please fix this
ad in every video and after ad its stop  i thik its not your tube its ad tude
sometimes when there is a ad on youtube when it's over it just buffers and doesn't load
the ads are horrible. it has to stop to actually load the ads, then the video has to load back up.
it says _server lost_ only ads does work i've tried everything i know google know about this issue but never fixed it. please fix
great idea forcing all the ads to get everyone resigned to the paid version of youtube. you've finally ruined it, congratulations.
youtube would be amazing if there wasn't a ad before every stupid video. i'm even getting a ad between videos which is super ridiculous.
no way to view your youtube comments history. comments use to also post on google_ profile but now can't find anyway to see my comments other than going to the video the comment was posted on and scrolling down till find my comments.  also have an issue where videos continually won't load because it's  trying to load an ad first, the ad never loads so the video won't play, to resolve the issue i have to constantly close and reopen the video until it finally picks a different ad to play.
terrible update, advertisements take forever to load, and when they're finally done it doesn't go back to the video.. the loading thing just swirls infinitely making you have to exit the video and click on it _ load it again.. it's been like this for over a month now, fix it ffs_
every time a ad happens  it wouldn't happen before
ads became too much over a minute long with no ad skip and i have perfect internet yet i can't watch a simple video without it saying _click to retry_ pathetic
now playing movie more advertisement very irritating
its not letting me watch videos _ the advertisement is static with only audio then when it gets to the actual video it says there was a problem but it doesn't work no matter how much i click retry
the ads play properly however the video wont , it says click to retry. i guess ill have to find another way to watch youtube .
i don't like that i have to watch 7 ad's  in one video am fine with like two to three but 7 is just ridiculous
adds take forever to load. maybe put the option to change ad quality that'd be cool.
ads are being annoying.
i haven't been able to log into my youtube in a couple of weeks now i can play any video i want and even watch all of your ads but i cannot login. whenever i try it says check your network connection and no matter if i'm on wi_fi or data i don't know if it has anything to do with it but i am running 4.4 please get this fixed as it's very difficult to find the stuff that i enjoy because none of my stuff is in a group anymore because i'm just a guest user until fixed.
i know what you're doing, and it's not fair to any of the people who want to just watch their videos _like me_. since the announcement of the crap youtube red, you're making ads longer and unskippable. you want us to use youtube red because you guys at google over there are just sucking your thumbs in your seats wanting our money. i am 100_ sure that most of the people who watch youtube videos are fed up with it. and you know what you're doing_ you're making people stop watching youtube_ the next thing you do might as well make it possible to uninstall youtube. this is just. and it's all your fault. nice way to make an app, idiots...
it works and all. though when i watch a video and an ad comes on problems happen. i watch it and the actual video seems to load indefinitely. please fix_
youtube. can you  do something with unecessary ads that keeps coming up_ yet on top of that, some doesn't let you skip the ads _ wastes my time for 30 sec
best app on my phone. all these comments are from people saying it crashes or loads slow. just get a decent phone and a decent internet connection, i've never had a problem with youtube. i would pay to get rid of ads although, extremely annoying when your forced to watch some of them with no skip button. i watch a lot of playlist and it's horrible when an ad comes on. ruins my playlist _  hopefully you have something up your sleeves for the future_
it's one thing to have ads before the video but the new ads during video sometimes don't even load completely and there's nothing you can do about it_
when i tried to watch nerdy nummies it shows a lot of ads so fix it
90_ ads 10_after that my computer was covered with ads and i cant close it aaaaaaa_
i am really sick of watching ads and moreover they hang the apps, losing all the fun.
im so sick and tired of not being able to watch the videos. this stupid ad is glitched or not playing and i cant watch my video_ also the ads don't load and then i cant watch my video. you need to fix this_ i would rate this no stars if i could.
ads every 2 min
most the time when i try to watch a video, it won't even load the ad and when i restart the app and retry it still doesn't work. needs to be fixed asap
the app is mostly great. i just wish i could minimize my the app without it shutting down_ i can still hear the ads if that's what you're worried about.
the ads can you please delete ads they suck i have 2 watch 5 ads per video delete ads and ill give 5 stars
they're adding the ad rates, and taking away the skip button. everybody should one_star youtube until they cancel ytr.
can not watch a single video without ads , that is terrible , that su_             i can live without youtube
i don't think i would be able to live without this app on my phone. but the ads are getting worse. at least lessen them. for crying out loud they are starting to get stupid_
omg whyyyyy does it make it that you watch ads in 1080p so it lags and takes 4 min to get through a 15 second ad. fix that cuz it sucks and when i'm not on wifi i can't watch anything in 1080p so why would i want my ads to be.
i love youtube but the ads are annoying
anyone else being forced to try ad free_  i can't even watch videos it keeps showing some new mess called youtube red ads free _9.99 a month.
i can't skip ads, i hate this updated version. guys do not update for this version. it's truly waste.
the ads which precede many videos mess up the volume on my asus memo 7 tablet, so that i can barely hear anything. rebooting the tablet seems to be the only remedy. i doubt anyone at google will read this but please look into this issue_
ads play in between the video i'm watching. isn't it enough just putting the ads at the beginning before the video starts_
this app seemed flawless until recently, beautiful videos at my fingertips all now gone. every video that has an advertisement is unwatchable. the ad won't load and just freezes. i have tried many videos and only ones with no ads are watchable. please fix soon. thank you.
this app seemed flawless until recently, beautiful videos at my fingertips all now gone. every video that has an advertisement is unwatchable. the ad won't load and just freezes. i have tried many videos and only ones with no ads are watchable. please fix soon. thank you.
all these years and now suddenly it's a _pay to watch ad free_ gimmick_ i don't know who handles your updates over there but they're clearly hellbent on making you guys worse and worse.
nothing like breaking out the ole s3 to look at an instructional video on youtube's app. skip the ad ,which loads and plays fine, get to that hd by default video and watch it buffer 20s play for 10s then buffer 20s play 10s buffer 20s. trust me its the app, not my wifi, 3g, 4g or phone.
its time to listen to us. just stop the updating. why do you guys make it so complicated_ the youtube red makes no sence at all. its basicly the same except you pay _10 for no ads. we can just get netflix for a penny less. you guys have a lot of money_when will it ever be enough_
there's advertisement bug on youtube
the save offline _ ad free for the membership i get, but background play should be free, think of how many more people would use youtube instead of spotify _ pandora if you made this available to all members
love youtube but when its time to update you look forward updating but  the updates are 9_10 f_king sh_ keeps crashing and toooooooooooo many f_king adverts not everyone's fans of the stupid ads if you can stop the advertising and fix the bloody issue's on youtube stop the f_king 5_30 sec adverts and try replying back
love youtube but when its time to update you look forward updating but  the updates are 9_10 f_king sh_ keeps crashing and toooooooooooo many f_king adverts not everyone's fans of the stupid ads if you can stop the advertising and fix the bloody issue's on youtube stop the f_king 5_30 sec adverts and try replying back
horrible after new update. keeps buffering and after ads, the video would just freeze
no option for skip ads with the new update
the unneeded ads, the buffering. you were doing fine like 3 patches ago. now everything is going downhill. i have a bad connection but could still watch videos fine now its like buffering every four seconds. fix your app because a couple years ago, it was perfect enough
buffering after every minute of video, audio out of sync, videos restarting halfway through.  but the ads load perfectly.
keep getting _there was a problem playing the video please replay,_ on videos and its more frequent with videos that have ads in between. plz fix_
still have lags if its going to work like this then is not even good to have youtube red the ads look perfect and the videos lag is that the way of making us buy youtube red
i would have given this a 5 star buy it is getting 3 because of the ads that won't let watch the videos after they have played and they just loop.
i love youtube and i know you have got to show ads but why the same one over and over again i'm sick of it  and i cant even skip it and for what vodka my children will become alcoholic watching that all the time please fix and have a variety of ads i don't mind watching them so much then
haven't had any big issues like crashing, but just some minor issues.  particularly, ad loading tends to just hang forever, i have to back in and out until one doesn't come up. unless there's a reason for that..._cough_youtube red_cough_ _p
if you cancel the ads
after the recent update i can no longer stream videos in hd.. good job google.. i wish you never purchased youtube. you messed everything up and now you charge _10 a month for advertisement free youtube red. while your at it why don't you shove more advertisements down my throat. i'm done.. never using another google product agian. you are the only reason adblock was created.
this used to just work. it was simple, videos loaded fast, browsing was easy, and ads weren't automatically 1080p slowing everything down. now it's a mess, no more sidebar, no quality options, tons of pop overs, long load times, and minimal playlist options. this isn't a standalone app for pc, it's a tablet_smartphone app. it should be light, simple, and quick.
the ads are so slow i can't watch the videos i want _
worked fine about one year, but in the last a few weeks to the video were added a lot of ads blocks in the middle. they were not before. don't like it at all_ i have no idea how adds it app or youtube, but since i can't block it via app i have no choice but to uninstall app and look for other solutions _
dont be evil and tell us, humble users, why we are updating. present information is advert, not changelog.
all issues i previously had are now fixed. just a little bit concerned about yt red killing small youtubers, who are more entertaining than larger ones, because of reduced ad revenue.
it's kind of depressing that i have to give such a hard rating, considering how many years i've used youtube, not to mention i'm a partner and hard_working content creator. the new ui is rather annoying_ instead of a side_swipe menu where you can instantly access all of your options no matter what page you're on, they make you back_track through every single page you've visited to get to a main menu. i know you guys need ads to make money, but when did it become ok to splice videos every 5 minutes_ meh.
the most recent update was worthless if you're a user. drastically more ads, almost no skip option anymore, and worst of all the app constantly refuses to buffer or crashes. this is pathetic. with the kind of money youtube has, this sort of extremely low quality is inexcusable, _ the degree to which they are trying to cheese you out of your time is outright shameful. the ad will load, you have to watch the whole thing because there is no skip option, and then the video crashes, then reboot _ watch more ads
so terrible... youtube needs to find a way to make it more like the web based version... oh and ad central.
videos won't load and its not my internet. ads go glitch a prevent videos from playing
i hate the stupid update too many ads and the ui is dumb. also honestly the new paid features should be free
since the last update, youtube app no longer plays videos. of course, this is the best part since i just use youtube for the comments and advertisement.  completely changed the way i view the internet.  so happy my life is now complete.  _
wtf paid subscription for offline and ad free whaaaat.money and youtube those words shouldn't be said in the same sentence.next update youtube is probably going to make gold coins that you use to watch videos.and theres a wierd problem with my videos.if i change the resolution from 1080 or 980 to anything lower the video turns black and white and gets all blocky
ads are constantly interrupting while i'm watching any video. fix it please_
the ads just grew immensely in numbers. it would be alright since this is free and all. but the ads take way longer than what i'm going to watch to load. like seriously longer. and i dont think it's because of my internet.
too many adverts and no adblock app, ruin this android version.
you people think your slick with that red crap i was wondering why was i seeing so many ads on youtube lately so many it started to drive me crazy in between videos doing videos nothing but ads all the time now you want to charge people for ad free music thats crazy i dont mind ads as long as they not in between every video i watch but its still youtube and you people have a internet video monopoly so 3 stars
take away ads,speaking for everyone
drop of connection, buffering issues, ads that repeat every time. sort it out.
almost every video has a ad attached to it, rarley use you tube anymore, just way way to many ads
is it me or the ads have been decreased, it's like one in 20 videos. thank goodness _
the ad's work ,but the video show like a t.v. with with bad reception fix it cuz y'all got them bullshit ad's working fine now do the same to the videos and none of my videos is in hd this pure bullshit
so many ads, app it self got worse, same bs from google. filthy rich yet only cares about more money.
this is my 4th time writing a review. and each time the stars have stayed at 1. now we get advertisement _n the middle of even small videos which freezes the video and i have to end the video then come back and fwd to the spot that i was previously at. this app will always be trash.
too many ads. to complicated to work. simplify.  not complicate
good but u need to put less ads
when you remove the ads mid_video then i will give 5 stars
dont really like having to always watch the same stupid ad over and over
still all videos stop playing. sound works but videos freeze. but all is ok because the ads work fine i guess thats all google care about.
advertisement show many time in a video.....
i'm now a member of youtube, have my own channel, and monetised it too. the thing is you get paid too after uploading videos and allowing ads on it.
new update sucks. i can't see any hd videos. every video only goes up to 360p. i can't even see what i'm watching in 360p. was hd videos a part of red_ that's eff'd up. i feel like people who didn't use ad blockers are being punished. i don't mind watching ads and i can do without the other red features but hd streaming was always a feature that was free.
don't add more pop ups of suggested videos or more ads please....
it makes me mad that during my videos i get an ad. in front of me and then my phone goes off of youtube fix it please
to many ads, videos run sluggish, i had to uninstall the update to watch videos please fix this_
its like they add advertising so you get youtube red so you don't go insane the background youtube feature should be free by default they add something simi good and then make you pay for it its not hulu its not netflix its youtube why do i have to pay for certain content
after the update the app has to much lag and ads
app worked fine, then they updated now tons of ads and constant errors trying to watch videos
poor resolution scaling, obtrusive ads that bog down playback between video.... do better
fook off with the ads
full screen is broken with new update. i'll change my rating when problems are fixed, but i suspect i'll never get rid of all the new ads...
needs to get rid of the ads. just saying if an add is over 2 minutes its not an add its a freakin video
boo. i remember when youtube was awesome. now it's all ads. it's time for your greedy downfall.
love this app, but am getting tired of the ads. also constant updates required gets a bit old.
update has double the ads than before
plz have no ads, i am sick and tired of the same stupid ads, on there. but really good videos.
i see ad on tv that youtube app contain download feature in update where is it_
it was better before.. now after every video i play an ad comes on... this should be fixed
too much ads
ads are gettin more and more every single video.i rooted my phone and inatalled youtube adaway only for get rid of your ads.
ive complained forever about being able to play youtube with the screen off or while in another app and they finally did it with youtube red_ no ads either_ it's a paid service of course but youtube red comes free with a subscription to google play music which i already had_ winning_ hahaha
please give us a skip option 4 all ads, not just a few_ not 5 seconds later, the but skip immediately, assume we know we don't want to see ads_ 30 second long ads, forced 2 watch, this sucks_ _
still waiting for the update that has _now you can turn the screen off and still listen to videos_ listed as a feature. we have the technology, people have the desire, and they won't be so quick to skip your ads. win win. make it happen. keep up the good work.
i posted a negative review with an explanation regarding my issues and just a few days later they bring out an update that fixes it _d just awesome work _ _ ads finally end when they're over and skip to the video that you actually wanted to watch _
a video will play for a few seconds, and then display _something went wrong tap to retry_. upon tapping, the video tries to load... but never does. it does this randomly, after a few videos prior that loaded and played fine. my internet is also fine. sometimes the videos will stop loading after an ad plays. when i try to exit and re_enter the app, the app freezes. please fix this...
ads now on youtube_ you can't watch anything without ada popping up all the time now.... lame and sad for youtube with these ads. make it like it was before. i would delete youtube off my phone if i could, what a waste of space
the videos i tried to play seemed to lag until i updated. once it was done updating i find that monetized videos now have multiple ads throughout the video and close to the end, every single one has been an unskippable 30 second one for me so far too. i was confused as to why until i saw youtube red. no ads, save offline, and the long asked for play videos in the background, for _10_month. way to try and bully your users into giving you money.
gets slower and slower after each update. ads ruin the experience even more _
whenever a ad finishes the video doesn't resume playing. i would have to restart the app and then it is fine. please fix. thank you.
i just updated youtube and now videos will not play it will play the ads but not the videos
please go back b4 the update its bad now_ stop changing what i want to watch,  new updates bad, and way to much advertising
i loved it when you could scroll to the right and would get a menu with all my subscriptions, history, and playlists_ please bring that back, it made this app so much easier to navigate_ also please scale down the image quality on advertisement vids_ i hate wasting bandwidth on hd commercials...
i have  encountered a bug where it gets stuck on the ads screen and you cant play the video
why does this reset my position in the list of videos in the _my subscriptions_ section all the way to the beginning after i watch a video_ please have it remember my last location in the list...or else i'm gonna weep gently to myself. also, all these ads are really fkng annoying now, although i'm sure that's intentional. i hope all that ad revenue, and trying to sell red, is worth irritating the living shi_ out of everyone. _firstworldproblemsmatter
the only video playing is the ads and not the actual video_
it just takes too long to load the ad videos which makes it longer to skip_ fix it please.
i've seen other apps do youtube better than google has for free. i don't mind having ads just please give us background play for free_
wtf ads in videos_ plus where is my search history_ no recent search history is ever found anymore. what i see are at least 6 months older_ it's been this way for a long time.
huhhhhhhhh why_ like seriously_ this stupid new update messed everything up. i hate the new home, i hate the ads, i hate the restrictions, i can go on forever. this ruined my youtube_ it made everything take so much longer to load_ i can't even watch a single stupid video without a problem_ thanks google.
but get rid of the ads id like to enjoy what im watching with out a stupid ad getting stuck durring the show
ads and videos loaded instantly before youtube red was released. now ads take minutes to load, then play, then for the video to load. why youtube_ we just want to watch videos
the latest update includes the new youtube red functions, and it's basically broken youtube as an app. i have a better experience using the web youtube now, because between crawling loading up ads, far less ad skipping and crawling video loading, it's safe to say that youtube red is ruining the android app experience. i would have paid up to 24_yr for youtube red, but i won't pay 120_yr, especially since this latest update seems like it's punishing the non premium youtube viewers. shame on you google_
so i watch a video, and of course there's an ad so i skip it. then in the middle of the video there's another ad but u cant skip it, and then another ad_ doesn't google make enough money as it is.. ugh, greedy bastards
ads won't end so i can't watch most people.
youtube fails every time i try to upload a video please solve the problem....too many ads while watching videos
my suggestion is that after watching a few videos,  the ads displayed need to be different every time and pls support 2k _ full 1080p hd videos for 4.2.2
way too many ads. and often i dont get the option to skip the 30 second ones
how to avoid or blocking ads _
if i were to watch a vlog that's about 27 mins, there's 4_5 ads in between...why_ makes everything so ughh _
it keeps getting worst.. now it has too many ads. each and every video has an ad and sometimes i cant even skip it when its too long. please fix it and i will change the rating.
this app screams visual and functional inconsistency_ the share button looks like a reply button, ads and suggestions leave the system bars permanently on the screen, covering part of the video, the _auto_ quality is way dumber than its desktop counterpart, but no options to enforce a quality are given _depending on the length and the network speed, you will watch the entire video _ 360p, even though 720p was easily supported_.
it keep always crashing when it loads a ad fix it_
even better without the ads
on the ads i can't skip is goes to negative 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8 fix it because if you don't i'll tell facebook and i have a lot of facebook friends
ads for video's take way to long too load
very very very unstable these days.  i don't mind ads but video stop everytime these days. i need to restart the phone and still its not guaranteed to work.
when i select a vid ,it played then very 5min it would pause and its own ad i have to keep uninstall it then install it angina but it didn't work can you pleas help me and fix this
4 ads in 30 mins is far to many.
i love youtube but the advertisements are getting way out of control.
every video has a advertisement_and nit only that when ever the advertisement is done,it says youtube is not responding,its been happining for 3 weeks,please,fix this,youtube is my tv
fix ads on mine it won't end the ad so i can't watch videos
i love the app normally but it hasn't worked in two days. my wifi is fine and i can watch youtube through the browser, but the app is not working. the ads could also use a tone down while you're at it.                              edit_ the app still isn't working. it's been weeks now. i've been stuck using the browser for youtube _this tells me youtube isn't down_. what is going on with the youtube app_ it just never loads. i want to use it, but it just hasn't worked in weeks.
on chromecast you get ads with buttons on screen saying _skip this ad_ which you can't actually do, because my tv isn't a touch screen tv and the app doesn't offer the same button on mobile screen. youtube on chromecast is a joke_
so, you come out with youtube red and then slam your unpaid videos with a ridiculous amount of ads. what a terrible business model.
ads are annoying but ok.
i own a google device and i cannot watch a 5 minute video without multiple adverts. i let my toddler watch a childrens vid and the adverts are for violent video games.
now with more advertising in the way of the experience i want. getting worse and worse.
come on google _._, the fact that we have to pay for background play_ that's ultra lame and disappointing, now i understand pay for ad free and other stuff but background play_ smh come on i've waited for this feature for the longest and now it's here but for _10 a month _._ no thanks
youtube your adverts are starting to get stupid now if your going to have 30 second ads please have a skip choice on it rather than bored stupid watching rubbish. sort it out.
youtube your adverts are starting to get stupid now if your going to have 30 second ads please have a skip choice on it rather than bored stupid watching rubbish. sort it out.
today, i was asked how satisfied i am with youtube, so here's a review. on the computer, i can watch about 5 videos, with no ads popping up, and be generally satisfied with my experience. on the phone, i generally get two ads for every twenty minute video i watch. one at the beginning, one at the end. and to make it more annoying, the audio and video often desync after an ad mid_video, so i have to screw around with it until it's back to a more watchable state. very dissatisfied.
i keep just getting black screens with an ad label at the bottom... very frustrating.. i'll switch to different videos and it does it for every one
1zvuk video and behind each other, 2netu annotations 3 advertising, it is a lot, a lot of disadvantages, this put 2
by application no complaints, it is excellent. a number of advertisements already alarming. please, do not need to rivet the annoying 15 second spots.
i have to go back to desktop chrome to be able to play long videos in 1.5 x speed. pretty disappointing to have the app lack this feature. also what's up with the ads happening i the middle of movies_ i liked it when it was just at beginning
since the last update no more videos are played ... but the main thing, the advertising is running ..._
properly horny app only advertising is stupid otherwise all is well
_ _ there is an excellent application _globe intercom_ and most importantly do not need any attachments, just look unobtrusive advertising banner that appears when you unlock eran on your phone or pc, see 1 sec. becoming like and get more money_ currency in euros_ when become lead _olegon74_ and start to earn _
sometimes the video goes backward to audio and sometimes suddenly stops and sends _error playing the video try again_ not to mention the shitload of ads coming out all the time.
why the hell does the advertisment block ur home buttons every single time _ _lg g3_
do you want to earn on your phone_ download advertapp application. entering 4c7hf code and get me immediately 3 br_ verified _ works.
the only bad thing are the ads
adverts suck and you need to update everything.
if the route can be deleted ad
too much advertisement
douluchshali. not enough nerve to look. on my lg magna while watching top crawls any advertising or abstract and at the same time it appears onscreen buttons and the top status bar. advertising will disappear after a while, but the button and the line remains. it's just annoying. in the browser more convenient to watch.
why advertising interferes
ads are frustating
all audio is out of sync with picture, including advertisements. it's been like this for at least 6 months.
ads come up on every 2nd video
finally, the advertising invites now but needs the video 3 times as long to start
for real youtube_ ads in the middle of videos. ughhhhh
de comfort ad reload better version. to be able to see dc offline
they learned how to do advertising, handsome straight respect your mother every 2 minutes with a bitch
why  i'm forced to watch stupid ads _ there should be an option to hide ads . i honestly start to  dislike youtube .
deleted due to intrusive advertising
all good just a lot of advertising
edit 3_ suggestions pop_up now prevents the notification and navigation bar from disappearing. edit 2_ can't change the resolution i stream a video at while using data.  edit_ now forces you you watch unskippable 30 second adverts half way through a 15 minutes video that had an advert at the beginning. this app was great but now forces you to watch 30 second adverts _no skip button_. no offence but i am not wasting 30 seconds of my life watching adverts time and time again.
with each update you give us more and more ads. we do not wish to pay monthly fees for no ads. stop pushing the subject. if you remove this post then it shows me that you agree with this post.
ad 4.4 ma sao sem cn giat hon ca 4.1 z
all vids just show black , it keeps on 'stopping' and  ads that you can't skip don't end
lock screens when viewed away. ad
all they rumm_kern too much advertising comes, hello in television there 50 ma_ as much advertising as youtube
excellent app. need paid content_ install applications through advertapp, enter the bonus code 5i8dr and earn _. globus, an application in which i have already paid 15 euros a day. install globus mobile, enter the name of the invited tvspec and get paid today.
earn lying on the couch_ drill application globe mobile phone or pc_ when registration is required to write priglasivshego_ privet84 login thou make in my team and receive a bonus in the euro currency. begin to make with me, just looking to advertise on your phone after unlocking. money displays without any problems_ the app is great _
in the beginning, i have resigned, but in the middle of ...... this is all the more annoying when you can not miss, and you look like a fool on the timer when the advertisement will be held .. and did not hear what it meant simply hunt lupanut the head tamu who put it there ... _
earn to mobile_ it's easy_ install advertapp, enter code 3k3eq and get me immediately 3 rubles_ verified _ works.
i like a video, but then it automatically takes my like away and ads are to repetitive
wohooooo.loving the red experience.goodbye ads.and google play music rocks too
you do ohreneli_ to see the 20_minute video, i have 10 times to watch ads for 30 seconds, you can not miss_ do you head right_ this is too much_
krutoooo but advertising as well as 5_
why not share video vkontakte _ yes there except in the google _, and other incomprehensible garbage can not be sent. copy the link and get into the browser to post it _ _ nonsense_ for so many years, you have not brought to mind the program. on the tv samsung, built_in viewing youtube, forever hangs on advertising_
advertising ...
ever since the new update, whenever advertisments pop up they take forever to load and then freeze while its playing. i spend more time trying to bypass the ads than watching the videos.
ever since the new update, whenever advertisments pop up they take forever to load and then freeze while its playing. i spend more time trying to bypass the ads than watching the videos.
ads is always pantyliner. what can i do to a pantyliner if i'm a boy_  i'm sick of watching it everytime i play video.
used to be much less advertising_
only about 4 videos load then an ad crashes the app and doesn't load any more videos fix it or get rid of the ads_
i do not know about you but i have no advertising_ thanks to the app super_duper_
advertising zadalbalo i of this ad and tv, i see in the youtube zohozhu normal pasmatret and here advertising advertising zadalbalo
advertising zadalbalo i of this ad and tv, i see in the youtube zohozhu normal pasmatret and here advertising advertising zadalbalo
it works, but youtube needs to figure out that its users know what kind of stuff they're looking for, and they've told you what it is. it's their subscriptions. it's not complicated. make that the landing page. anything else is just ads for channels i couldn't care less about.
dare you suggest that we pay _10.00 a month to get rid of the ads_ when you tube first started there was no ads you guys ruined it with all these ads_give us back the original youtube_
please ad playing in background features
the amount of vc q advertisements are required to watch is extremely annoying and inconvenient, are all kinds of ads and many are extremely unpleasant_
the amount of vc q advertisements are required to watch is extremely annoying and inconvenient, are all kinds of ads and many are extremely unpleasant_
after update all videos freeze....but not the ads....funny how there revenue stream streams nice and smooth but not the content.....the part icould care less about is the only reliable part of youtube now....fix this now.....you have made it impossible to watch anything but the ads....i guess the only part they actually care that works is there stream of money......11_1_15....still freezing videos....but the ads are still nice,fast and clear with no freezing...guess i should be glad i can still listen
remove your ads, really, nobody cares about politics, nor the new stores, or movies, and muchomenos of apps., not knowing music vevo
i have one during the video repeatedly pops up advertising apps from play market. this is the main application _vikings_, some antivirus, any manager zadach.obnovite or write an answer how to clean it myself
i do not mind the ads.
would be nice if we could lock the screen again without the video stopping. but other then that it's youtube. no complaints really. just occasional crash and too many ads
so much advertising for a video _y_
minus points for advertising. clean, everything will be fine.
i press the button i idir bi thumbs down or going off hungry and behold i have never seen such nonsense b error. already behind not even make the top i do not even play youtube mixdeyk who can not do anything to me as absurd as the youtube advertising mix will make my application off at the end of each song ...
i can not see any video. it seems to include advertising, but she did not fuck does not work and there is no video
dobanaya advertisement pops up in the middle of the video by 2_3 times. in general, i will without question, if it is at the beginning, as it was before, but my god, what have you done for the d _
it does not unfold in full screen. video freezes periodically. it all started after the last 3 updates. phone oneplus one cm 12.1 _ does not load video ads and is not loaded because of this
smartphones are not loaded advertising.
do you want to earn on your phone_ download advertapp application. entering 1x7mn code and get me immediately 3 br_ verified _ works.
the app is excellent _ no advertising is nothing_ _ deserves 5_
there is a great app advertapp him easily earn a good amount .zapishi 9y7mv code at the entrance and immediately get 3 rubles to the account_ and that's just to start adding to our team with us easier and more profitable_
the application was complete with an awl. advertising and so many commercials occupied 70_ of the screen until it closed down all ... and now on galaxy s4 video no longer go at all normal, the sound is ok, and the image that the wicked can not see anything at all. the advertising time invested, so attach it and optimize the application.
it's shit the minute the advertising always after 20th if can not just leave all the serious _
i certainly understand that there is a monetization of the service, but how many can feed ubogieyshey advertising about the height of the tv tower_ and why pichkachkat it before each roll_ advertisers from this that more will be_
man can not see how many let you. and it has become too much advertising
developed remove ads pliiiiiz_ and so everything is fine.
advertapp _ a great application where you can make money in just a couple of clicks. during registration enter 0u1gm code and receive a bonus of 3 rubles_ during the day you can earn from 100 rubles._ join now_
besite its intrusive, stupid and totally useless advertisements_
my videos are not just stuck with advertising _tuk_ problems already had received it 10 times in 1 video
constantly freezes image, advertising in 50_ of cases, is not disabled.
i like that one fsus in sound and quality, and advertising, i like youtube and will love the main thing that would not be paid, and the rest just a cool app, thanks to the developers, large
i find it really great except advertising
no bugs and no ads at all. traffic savings. in version 2.3 and 2.4.
i have never understood people who are so watered shit youtube. until this week ... ofigeli server does not ship anything, even with a strong internet. under android 4.4 works badly_ it is very difficult sometimes to open to full screen. where 480p quality_ it is very necessary, especially on phones. and with the advent of youtube red advertising was not to fight back_ why can i watch vidio hour_long, but i hang on vosmiminutkah_ why so long catalog vidio obnavlyantsya_
1.ch_ for_ what the hell i climbed advertising. 2.chasto hangs. and tak.itog_ 4iz5 used to be all right _ _ _
every 5 minutes 30 seconds advertising was previously better
her boss ads
saa smart has only ad.
cool app but often when a video ad request perelistyvaesh popodaet ispravte and cool app _
keeps crashing and too much advertising, when it comes it out
i was in nirvana, when the application was not advertising. but, of course, anything for free does not happen. i was quite pleased when at the beginning of the video clip appeared, even if it can not be rewound. but after the last update the horror began. advertising, sometimes pops up not at the beginning, but in the middle of the video without notice. why do it_ moreover, my headline says another situation. i watched the 20 minute video. during this time there were 4 advertising _see you in dubai._ zadolbalo
too much advertising is abused
cursed be he who invented insert advertisements every 10 minutes. i hope you spent all earned thus money for the treatment of hemorrhoids, which must appended to such a tricky ass ...
on the new version, the version without ads steep, but now you can play games
advertising too much, do not download videos anymore.
update cinema right moi nha modi ad toc. tap156_157
applications must work in the background ce beautiful but advertising should not be
too much censorship, when you live in denmark. have given it 5 stars in it was a publicity bomb, even on the videos that you can not or should see. when will it be possible to use it to listen to music on the outside you have to sit staring at advertisements constant
i'm in the last update enjoyed it, advertising is certainly not great, but with this you can tolerate
it is unacceptable that in a longer video constantly advertising comes. in a radio play can not even to hear in peace without always close the advertising. super it would be if the music continues in the background while i am in the home menu. otherwise, of course, a great app
in a 15 minute video look at times to 4 advertising is please change shit
you overlap the yt say whether advertising in vidio should be or overlap nice
1_ i hear the sound but no picture. 2_ when its gets me a video ad before the duke or his remains ben 10s when it was done after 0 _1 _2. ..in little big regader not my video. wholesale wtf
it is really funny that comes in a video advertising 1000 times _
with 1080p60 image freezes. sound continues. i always have to switch to 720p60. vdsl 40000 four mb _ s download. furthermore, 2 times advertising _top and middle_ of a 15_minutes of content too much. not infrequently i have 3 or 4 times advertising. google nexus 7 lte
by oh so great advertisement video loads hardly ever, also far too much advertising_ trash
great compliment to youtube design top no trailer in the videos, a little less advertising whoever ok _
after all 3 videos may i draw me ... advertising
youtube has a macke always stupid advertising. and sometimes even loud noisy full leiseee.bzw silent forever. all good youtuber specify at others. _.
why this new update to the app r notice that _this action is not allowed,_ the ad copy to help t vs h_ _
does the advertising out
but you should music .. outside the app can run. there is also the error _sony z3c_ no longer hide the keys and the top bar after advertising was displayed on the page _sometimes simply so_, was previously also sometimes now but always with this advertising. please fix _
only advertising nerft little
friends came new youtube feature. playing in the background, video recording offline mode, and no advertising, but only in their country of us active google does it always stops in turkey and the turkish people value.
no problem. those said to have been forced pop_up ads, you know why_ it is required by the government. those who say it lag, to have been buffered, only to see the quality of 360, to help your home network cable for a bar_ one pair of brain damage_
that now even advertising is played while a clip i find totally sucks. the advertising at the beginning is already annoying but tolerable but middle dead wrong. then i can also watch commercial television
since new i see the subscription feed only selected items, and not the entire course, some new things come right in front of which, which are already much older. some channels do not appear at all. i found no option to change. totaler bullshit. add to that the _strangely only on the smartphone_ extremely annoying amazon advertising. for advertising you can do nothing. but that appears to me for months before each video. always the same. extremely annoying_
too much advertisement
meanwhile comes an advertising clip before each video. absolutely unacceptable_
more and more ads, which annoy najbatdziej is recommending channels that have nothing to do with what sometimes watch
ik ad my review updated as _k gru finished rolls
before each video takes a shit advertising. it sucks
most ads nih application. fitting not open, not fitting watch, not fit shut. rowdy ._.
it's ridiculous that i have to reinziehen at a 15 min video first 4 times advertising_
ad watch cell hybrid_ update xog cu j error co ay_ k see dc nua
view previous comments have gone a little advertising and music properly, please, please listen music xiao song mix youtube mwosigi one ad one time i hear. this reduces some of taxation yok _ _ _ watering too much.
view previous comments have gone a little advertising and music properly, please, please listen music xiao song mix youtube mwosigi one ad one time i hear. this reduces some of taxation yok _ _ _ watering too much.
much advertising
one can not comment, thumbnails do not load and advertising often remains, and let not skip by. please update_
only advertising advertising advertising ...
i have a samsung galaxy s4 value edition and can not 1080p with 60fps movies only 720p_ and when a advertising comes in front of a video, then only this circuit comes to load the advertising but nothing happens _ please fix_
i love youtube really sehr.dank the new feature makes it even easier for me my favorite to find videos. the only thing that annoys many mega long advertising, but this problem can not be likely to resolve.
lift the video playback prior to or after the ad is bad
i think youtube is ne megageile app makes even gaming videos but what i find funny i do my videos in 1080p will also find me on the pc but with me on phone always sinds only 360p please fixed otherwise everything super. advertising_ hot on youtube pluffle_ d
why did i keep seeing the video ad will float or hang up_ 15 seconds 30 seconds up to 50 seconds long, loud pop up annoying .. i'm haenpon the g pro ... i guess because of falling advertising likeability increasingly youtube
why did i keep seeing the video ad will float or hang up_ 15 seconds 30 seconds up to 50 seconds long, loud pop up annoying .. i'm haenpon the g pro ... i guess because of falling advertising likeability increasingly youtube
this time it only haejusimyeon thank you improve your ad 's problems viewing the ads disappear if you do not skip a generation above the top bar
network honk together disconnected and again let knit repeatedly told the touch restarts and ad 2 fit not chottae buffer eating sink image is also not fit the sink doing wondering beginner lose eotnya real game broadcast apart hurt only the songs or the money out correct, this should movie sinks phones chatja i wanna be crushed, o beginner saetgi
friends accurate soyluyor constantly freezes and advertising correction lutfen
hic stars intelligent dc k kept offline. what have i done wrong. please review your ad helps. k kept offline viewing mud qa dc
youtube is going well, but the chromecast gets worse. you look on the mobile advertising, only to cheer chromecast anzugucken again, connection drops constantly from advertising sometimes does not load, chromecast can be from time to time do not connect, lock screen of the phone displays after completing a video still video thumbnail to and restarting the app can help. after disconnecting the app plays aufm phone only sound and the video consists only of thumbnail. war times better ..
despite loading the video freezes, video middle of habire advertising cikiyor are not the only pleasure. please, correct it
too many ads bother
ad ad beg leave di.xem uneasiness.
le nem semitic ad
if you see only the ads fun itge taende stars i thats also a shame _
often it gets stuck in the advertising, it continues to roll _1, _2, and so on. _skip add_ also disappears. very disturbing, has applied to the problem but can not find .._
k the on dc. chj toan loi bj. dum di sua ad
looking forward revised ad because the image precedes words ...
people_ you will not be paid, but will be a paid version without ads. first, read through the news, then you can cry for nothing. _
there constantly jumping advertising vida
i like to stop in the middle of video and give me an ad for a diamond_ go now with those advertisements shit, engineers g_glu_
i like to stop in the middle of video and give me an ad for a diamond_ go now with those advertisements shit, engineers g_glu_
4.1 androi see ad hd home
why then update that same ad k _ stars
really, really hate ah so much advertising, if not the ad i gave 5 stars
really, really hate ah so much advertising, if not the ad i gave 5 stars
this app will keep no account of young viewers. i kill annoyed by this app. in 2015, even toddlers watch youtube. but as we were earlier also we'd like to touch everything that is beautiful. even my little has. i can reboot a thousand times youtube because the creators of this app could not come up with an unlock. even the commercials they see is ridiculous. for example. look my little bumba. will he then develop advertising condoms or how sperm into a woman. ridiculous
got better with the latest update, not laggy and stuff. however, a star too much advertising _
i always enjoy watching youtude time out to ask the service has advertising
i like good progress but super nice cock ads or suddenly do not suddenly oh download download something should occur.
youtube you awful every 5 seconds we astek fix it right away that those advertisements more we are going to liver repair it _
youtube you awful every 5 seconds we astek fix it right away that those advertisements more we are going to liver repair it _
wylonczylem advertising and continue to appear. naprawcie it _
too many advertisements in a 5_minute video see 20 commercials diaper mai what the hell is that previous version was better
you should be able to download or share videos without sending urls and to link your channel with your google_ account. and very annoying advertisements while you're watching a video.
just to be paid who does not want ads.
we do not see half the ads play on forced tan and black friends _ ... not reason people feel youtube _
seemed fine at first. but now after 1 second to 1 minute video works no more, the picture stops but the sound continues. has cleared the cache and uninstall etc. nothing helps. but advertising videos that come before the current video which lasts 2.5 minutes, sometimes there are never problems. and if you look through one's videos browsee, no problems. the problem is app. fix it_
many ads for institutions guys in xeftilisate
everybody just calm the fuck down_ you'll be paying the youtube you will only pay to avoid advertising_
becoming a blue area at the bottom of my screen, super annoying_ plus there is now advertising at the half of the videos _
... these ads on the cellular transmission ... too bad battery ...
so many advertisements_ plus, i can't watch the 4k videos on their original maximum resolution on my galaxy note_
fair enough that there is advertising, but these could not be adapted to the content of the video to start. seemed often my children will be presented with something inappropriate.
too much advertising
youtube do not need to be advertised.
advertising and advertising.
and mandatory advertising is horribly annoying. that must stop youtube it.
there is too much advertising
too much advertising.
received advertising _
youtube you in the last time in the garbage and advertisements themselves can become boring ... fix it fast
youtube you in the last time in the garbage and advertisements themselves can become boring ... fix it fast
the amount of ads is ridiculous_ every song has an ad.
advertising is just to minimize the appearance of good use or see half then stopped
best but begins to disturb me on advertising
advertising can also play video before, but until broadcast video, brush half tip_ disconnect from the server, touch refresh
become a little tired of the advertising elle 10 minutes. i do not ask for. fuck it
just to many ads. _ almost every filmclip starts with an ad. it's just plain greed.
ads are killing me
ads are killing me
lose all the time connection when i look at something. and now it's too much advertising again _
does not pokke advertising
why has appeared midway advertising _ _
lorde advertising forstyerlser hate them
in all want free youtube without advertising youtube make money on ads so we can see it for free so lev the pothoveder.
in all want free youtube without advertising youtube make money on ads so we can see it for free so lev the pothoveder.
some times start advertising the film, when pushing it away to see the film you are interested pops up an info box with the text _youtube has been stopped._ most times start either advertising or film ...
simple yet powerful, user_friendly ads. but chinese district of pirated films and television animation, copyright environment even smaller than youku potatoes
i give 2 stars, because of these reasions_ 1. advertisment, i disable it manualy, but still i hate that many of people have to watch it, especialy when ads uses mobile data. 2. no mobile data saving features, like on mobile data _lte_ youtube automaticaly sets video quality to 760p, it is totaly unaceptable. 3. search has missing funcionality _like setting video date then it was uploaded from_to, etc_...
i give 2 stars, because of these reasions_ 1. advertisment, i disable it manualy, but still i hate that many of people have to watch it, especialy when ads uses mobile data. 2. no mobile data saving features, like on mobile data _lte_ youtube automaticaly sets video quality to 760p, it is totaly unaceptable. 3. search has missing funcionality _like setting video date then it was uploaded from_to, etc_...
it is not possible to minimize video when listening to a debate or music remove as much of the value. is it because of the advertising they may well sell _radio commercial_ which is sent instead ...
advertising
remove all the damn advertising before the songs_
app lets you subscribe without your knowledge for version without advertise.do not eventually get _ 7,99 _ in your account_
can no longer choose which clips i should see no forced advertising in fullscreen immediately after opening the app. since the app continues to show the random clips i do not want to see. google's way to force users to pay abbonemang with the advantage that you actually get to choose yourself which clips you'll see_ the shit soon go out
a lot of advertising _
always stuck and always advertisements
the only application no choice but to watch videos. what did not i like the fact that you are taking advantage of so fofoarit platform for advertisements, ruining the viewing experience. as expected from google. invasion of privacy, and brainwashing. lucky i have no children.
was very happy with this before, gave clear 5er. constant updates makes app worse and worse each time. now playing advertising in front of almost every video _damn annoying when you play loud_, chromecast becomes more and more unstable, where video often must be started two to three times before chromecast they play by.
the interface does not become a convenient channel icons small, are duplicated in the two tabs, why break up menus into several tabs_ videos periodically stutters, despite the fact that dynamically loaded according to the load line. bad. youtube it's time to lick ideal, given the abundance of advertising.
once apon a time it was so good. now its just ads and shit..
it's cool but only to those embarrassing advertising_ _p
many say less advertising to how they get money when you have thought_ perf_ckt app everyone and everything has its flaws_
too much advertising
the new versionen is lousy. and all the advertisement ... omg .....
a lot of mid_roll ad or ministers
there are fat much advertising but it does not _
anyone know how to remove the advertising_ _
there is too much advertising i mean it. and i can not search or watch some videos
money, ads, reproduction errors .... very bad _ because i have used it if youtube _
too much advertising
those of you who think it is too much advertising, would you rather pay to check on everything, or put up with some advertising so it is free_
it is no longer possible and use youtube on the cell phone, as it only displays the still image that has been used for the small advertising image of the video you want to see.
reduce advertising otherwise, this app is the best
uses chromecast much. but now it's much advertising on stuff that was not before. my little son usually check on trains and buses, but now advertising that is not so suitable. sad.
advertising advertising.
i love youtube but should reduce ad
to much ads. time to find something else_
bravo_ even 480 pilsen maximum advert shows hd and the sound is wonderful.
least all good ads
for a good while since i threw my phone in the floor all the rage because of advertising. luckily it survived.
advertising all the time_
people watch videos in the background it will never give you the youtube showed their great advertising
proper fucking shit app. after a few seconds, you get _the connection to the server ceased_ ... however their fucking advertising works to see how good any time.
taisikit bugs every three seconds _simeta fuck off advertising until you upgrade everything was fine
to mix music videos advertising tired ....
video does not come from the yolk. when i start a video letters appear_ there was a problem. touch to try again. very slow. constantly reproach advertising on video when i look _sometimes just looking for one problem_. i do not know how to replace a channel uploads_ sakysit well, that's a lie arne_
would have liked the option of paying to drop advertising ...
mandatory ad should be removed and background player should be an option.
get made so you can play youtube in the background _ and get fixed all the ads _ it has been mega bad to load, even though i use 4g and has a weekly rate of 35mbps_ low however, an update in which the problems are fixed the_
advertising in standard apps, apple makes it better, add some shit. monitoring, surveillance and more surveillance fuck of thanks
still not able to play in the background. also too many ads.
for many advertisements
sigh. and too many advertisements.
bae app. and now in _fucked_ youtube ps3 system with advertisements. have you shit in your head. youtube has become the most annoying shit i have ever experienced.
no 1080p option, loses connection 90_ of the time _other apps connect just fine_... would be depressing for a third party app, for a standard google one... it borders on criminal. also unskippable ads are now a thing, apparently, which should be enough to classify this crap as malware.
it works great and is fast enough. the only downside is advertising but this can be removed. _ p
a little too many advertisements
i am very angry that after the update samsung tab 3 does not show clip writes on the screen the message _connection to the server and run the band. again, as i understand it for ad blocking, and how to remove the blocking of nowhere, removing updates everything works perfectly.
understand the need for advertising funding, but now it starts to get over a lot of advertising_ _ _ youtube hardly needs a detailed description or assessment _ but technically works app fine. 4 stars without advertising, 2 stars with.
now adds are coming up after every video _songs in this ocasion_. i open my music video playlist, let it play, put my phone away to do something, 3 minute video ends and an advertisement starts at a higher volume than anything else. it wasn't so earlier. now i switch to something else with no adds between videos and with a possibility to run the app in background. bye, youtube app.
now adds are coming up after every video _songs in this ocasion_. i open my music video playlist, let it play, put my phone away to do something, 3 minute video ends and an advertisement starts at a higher volume than anything else. it wasn't so earlier. now i switch to something else with no adds between videos and with a possibility to run the app in background. bye, youtube app.
so many ads and i paid money for the ad block and new filters and nothing happened. the filters that come with the app seemed like it wasnt far from just light balance and faded colors. your quote mentioned critism is good to get back for responses. also taking money_ sorry but it would be great to get a refund as well.
ads in the gallery.... really_
not as good as stock camera and hits me with ads. not useful.
after the last update i now have a lock screen that displays ads. you can uninstall it but the audacity of it still makes me mad. uninstalling and advising my friends to do so as well.
ads don't bother you much like other photo apps and the camera is great
i would like it more if the ads were less intrusive.
way to many invasive ads.  purchased version may be better.
too many things going on in this app, many ads and pushing for you to try other products or features from the developer detracts from the experience. and who uses a _selfie beautifier_ anyway_
absolutely _ best free camera app on the market. no pop up ads like the other cams, which in my book makes for the start of an amazing free app that should be paid.
my phone has a 13mp rear cam and it's nice to be able to take full advantage of my camera. zcam comes loaded for free but has many more functions _plus tiny ads removed_ for an additional _9 which is well worth it_ nice work zcam team and thank you.
pros_ easy to use and hasn't crashed yet. con_  you have to deal with ads when swiping through photos.
you guessed it. ads
got some nice features, but i paid to unlock filters and remove ads...still have ads.
i paid to have the ad block and unlock  filters. however i still have the ads. i need this to be sorted.
ads suck
very good camera app, too many ads
paid for the vip status and im still seeing ads and cannot use any of the new filters. i've contacted the developers and they said they would refund but i've received nothing and after several emails i've still had no response. great way to make money off people _
1_6_16.  i have yet to get a response or a fix. i dont want to have to have this app on my phone but if i dont every time i open my camera im asked to download it so im stuck with an app i dont use taking up memory and space on my phone. 1_10_16 there is no button for vip. if its bc i use sms pro i already have the vip for that. if you are telling me i have to spend _ to get rid of that ad thats total bs
too much ads
_1 for the ads
seems like great app but full of ads. uninstalling
all of the advertising and in app purchases are ridiculous_
 you should monetize the app with ads and put it out there for free. 
 this watch face is top quality and has particular attention to detail. the dimmed screen shows the clocks hands with a subtle hint of green reminiscent of glow in the dark watches. there are no adverts and it's free. so i don't know how the brothers are making money out of it. 
 gives lots of weird information and in green black writing not good also big ads at top are off putting 
 great program ruined by air push advertising. not paying _10 to get rid of that. 
 please go back to book look_up before update. this new one is terrible. takes forever to load. i want to see what is recommended for me, not the ads that slow down the app. everytime you look at one specific book, it takes forever to load because there is so much other junk loading with it. absolutely cannot stand this. annoying beyond belief. 
 get rid of this infuriating audible narration popup.  most annoying ad crap i've seen. 
 this app has now joined the recent trend of using notifications as ads. in other words, it will send you notifications at random times when nothing interesting has happened, just to try to get you to spend more time using the app or sign up for new services.  in particular, i just received a notification inviting me to _try kindle unlimited,_ _despite_ the fact that i have already disabled all notifications except those about content downloads. i will now be disabling all notifications from this app in android settings. 
 maybe you would respect your adult readers enough to load faster without trying to subject us to a maze of ads, some moving, that adds 5 or 10 minutes of time to trying to access what one has purchased_ 
 full of ads, slow, no fast way to jump to the book you're reading 
 it's extremely annoying to have this ad displayed every time i tap the screen to set a bookmark or use other in_book features. i don't want to purchase the audiobook and i don't want to see ads while trying to read my book. looks like i'll be going elsewhere for my ebook needs. 
 ads for other books, audio books, and more, all unable to be disabled, and i can't liberate my past purchases from this increasingly abusive app. and they wonder why people download unencumbered media. 
 insists on spamming my devices with unwanted advertising. i am not now,  or ever will be interested in renting books via unlimited kindle,  nor do i want or need an audible version, yet one or the other keeps popping up in my books 
 app keeps pushing notifications advertising crap even though i have notifications turned off in the app settings. have to disable them at the system level. also, no way to disable in_book popups like the dictionary lookups. makes for a terrible reading experience. 
 new version shows ad for audio book every single time you bring the menu up. really_ time to go back to previous versions, because otherwise i see no improvement for a long time. could it be possible to add orange text on black background, or custom background_ it is believed that non_white text at night will let you sleep better. it really isn't hard to implement_ google play books has it, moonreader has it, and even the kindle icon has it_ it is at most 3 lines of code. please_ 
 works with google to farm info for sale to advertisers. 
 i like the kindle app, but i don't like that they use the phone notifications for advertisements. notifications are for texts from friends and app updates, not kindleunlimited promos. i'm uninstalling and sticking with my dinosaur kindle. 
 constant audible spam. every time you touch the screen you get nagged to buy audio. on the progress bar there is constantly a symbol for the audio you don't have. basically adverts splashed across your book 
 not sure how long this _feature_ had been in place but every time i access the book navigation, i'm presented with ads for the audible upgrade which i have no interest in. 
 i can't even get through one page of reading before yet another advertisement shows up. this prevents me from even getting into the storyline of the book. definitely takes away from the joy of reading. 
 it now has audible ads and it takes up space that could be used for reading.  i am choosing not to use this anymore and switching to google books until this is fixed_ 
 for a start, it's from amazon. secondly it forces its advertising at you whether you lime it or not. 
 i don't have this app but there are ads for it everywhere and sometimes i accidentally tap on one so then it takes me here where i write this bad review. i bet this app is pretty handy if you buy online a lot 
 this software sends disruptive notification bar advertising even with all notifications off, and the developer refuses to address the issue. 
 delete the ads 
 they force their superbowl ad to your phone 
 i can buy what ever products i want ad i just love it. 
 most the permissions are actually very common... mic for voice to txt camera for the barcode qr look up _usually what shopping apps do_ wifi obvious why... contacts well to bring u better ads of course just like when u u use the web browser an it stores cookies. 
 do not update to the latest amazon. now you get these large advertisements. bullshi_ update. 
 you have a lot of nerve using app notifications to push advertisements to my phone. yes, i'm ready for tax season.        now f_k off_ _gt_ 
 i keep getting stupid ads about this im getting tired of it_ 
 app can be buggy in places.  tracking gets wierd days mixed up, example _ delievering today wednesday_  even thou today is monday.  voucher tick box _ even thou you de tick it, sometimes it still gets included in the final buy stage.  search gives you items that has nothing to do with your search text, i think that is amazon trying to get you to look and buy something else _advert item_.  dont believe _other customers bought this bought these_ as it does give sometimes bizare _or same_ combinations, 
 this app puts spammy advertisements in your phone's notification stream. i received one today that took up half the screen_ _it's tax season. are you prepared_ shop tax central_.   this is an abuse of the notifications system. the app has settings to control notifications_ i had only turned on notifications for _important messages alerts_ _sic_ and _shipment notifications_. the advertisement i received was neither of these, and there is no setting to stop advertisements. i want the shipping notifications, but the only way to stop the ads is to block all notifications for the app.  amazon, you must stop doing this. your customers will not tolerate it. 
 this app puts spammy advertisements in your phone's notification stream. i received one today that took up half the screen_ _it's tax season. are you prepared_ shop tax central_.   this is an abuse of the notifications system. the app has settings to control notifications_ i had only turned on notifications for _important messages alerts_ _sic_ and _shipment notifications_. the advertisement i received was neither of these, and there is no setting to stop advertisements. i want the shipping notifications, but the only way to stop the ads is to block all notifications for the app.  amazon, you must stop doing this. your customers will not tolerate it. 
 i used this app a time or two and it was handy, but then it started showing ads to me while i was doing other things. sometimes it went as far as to steal focus from an app i was currently using in order to show me the ad. no way, jos_. do not install if you want to avoid having ads crammed down your throat constantly. 
 really_  i turn off notifications based on shopping and it turns back on.   i dont need more advertising in my life.  very disappointing. 
 advertising, salesperson 
 stop sending me ads about it 
 does what it's supposed to. initially it would only push notifications regarding shipping and now its starting to push advertising notifications. i don't want to uninstall but i might have to if they don't change it. i know i could just turn off notifications but then there is not point in having the app. 
 just started the git in medical school and happened upon this. it's a great free application with no unnecessary advertisements. i urge every medical student to get this. you  will not regret it 
 free, no ads. thank you guys. 
 updated_ this app will not stop bugging you for donations. after the last update, it will stall you for ten seconds on their donation ad before letting you continue. dislike. 
 does well and no annoying ads or promotion to buy everything 
 uninstalled kept spamming my phone with unwanted ads problem solved rate higher lose the unwanted ads_ 
 works as advertised , still slow when using large files needs a data base viewer to make it perfect. 
 it's so easy to find you ancestors. like in the ad judy a leaf and you're of and running. i love this app. once you start you don't want to stop. 
 it cist money even when it said its free on all advertisement 
 this app and ancestry as a whole is absolutely worth it. appreciate there are no ads and what you pay for is not just the software but a huge amount of research and digitization projects. 
 you're changing an expensive but good service into a captive subscription based ad serving prison.  the mandatory acceptance of yahoo advertising laced with malware has become intolerable.  the information i have spent several years entering and searching for has become almost unintelligible using the new website.  thanks for wasting my time and effort. 
 you're changing an expensive but good service into a captive subscription based ad serving prison.  the mandatory acceptance of yahoo advertising laced with malware has become intolerable.  the information i have spent several years entering and searching for has become almost unintelligible using the new website.  thanks for wasting my time and effort. 
 why can't i do it for free respond the tv ad did not say anything about paying i can't do much only people i actually know. respond please 
 its good info but its not free like the tv advertisement said...but i'm learning lots of good info 
 will update my version of the app once the invasive and unnecessary need to access wifi info and call logs is fixed. hard to believe that is _inadvertent_.                    update_ mobile app is difficult. constantly downloading something and scrolling is tedious. location of options not intuitive. hangs while waiting on the download which is often. not worth the effort. i wish that instead of putting so much effort into whizz_bang that ancestry gave us useful searching options. 
 the app is only ever letting me use my first password i set to lock the device, even though i locked it multiple times from the web console.  this could be frustrating because if you lock the device multiple times in a row, you have to remember the very first password to unlock the device.  i guess the moral of the story here is to only use this service if you absolutely have to. as far as it being to do as advertised, it does. probably better than any other app. 
 doesn't work as advertised... i am unable to override my existing pin or pattern with the new one so what's the use if a known person stoles my phone who knows my unlock pin or pattern so i must be able to change my password i want and stop it's functionality now it gives a message  _since google has verified that a screen lock is already set, the password that you entered won't be needed_    pissed of with this kind of app from a top developer like google...should start thinking from user point of view. 
 should advertise this app 
 works as advertised, easily find my kids tablets when they are misplaced.  my only concern is the 5_ minute time it nearly always takes for the sound to turn on for the missing device. overall we are satisfied though. 
 i can't use it with my xperia z2, because it insists that the app. _needs a refresh,_ and that i must uninstall then reinstall the software. this occurs ad infinitum. fix needed_ 
 this app works fine. actually, gasbuddy turned out to be the battery draining culprit. i happened to get a smart watch at the same time that stupid app added bluetooth driven ads, which do a permanent kernel wake lock. i mistakenly thought this app was killing my battery 
 3_01_2015, keeps telling me to uninstall and reinstall. says it needs a refresh.  what is the point of owning my moto360 if this app is not working_ i have no interface between my phone and my watch now. update, 3_17_2015, still having the same problem.  update 4_5_15, if google search is disabled then wear will force close.  do not disable google search. 4_21_15 still working fine. 10_29_15 everything works as advertised. great app. 
 few watch faces and that's it.you must ad call function beacause everything else here is crap 
 works as advertised 
 works as advertised 
 come on google, time to eat your own dogfood. this interface could have been built for a middle school assignment by a fair to middling student in a hurry. needs a rebuild, and soon. i'm looking at you matias duarte. please make this simpler, clearer and less of an ad for apps. _btw, i'm talking about the bit on my phone._ 
 can't fault it really _ doesn't everything expected in controlling your android wear. the ui could probs be improved to be a little less advert looking and a bit more intuitive but otherwise its good 
 i a have gen2 moto 360 with all the trimmings, so you know that's over _400 for my watch.  i really feel like sending it back to motorola_ nothing works as advertised.  _okay google_ rarely works. the applications just lingers and then either goes to app choices, or offers me  set of commands i can use.  the software often crashes giving me a message  _android wear isn't responding. do you want to close it_ for a couple of days it did this at least 3 times an hour without me so much as glancing at it _th 
 many other reviews are so correct. the last few updates have really ruined the experience for me. xperia z5 and galaxy gear live watch. voice control no longer works, skipping a track no longer works, notifications arrive around 4 weeks after the phone_ the problem is, this has now been weeks and i am thinking of ditching the platform. i just want, on time notifications and the features to work as advertised. i have tried everything apart from installing an older version of the app.... 
 i keep getting alerts on my pebble to ad this but after pairing android wear _updates_ until i quit it. battery drain and waste of time. 
 no ads, no schemes, no bloat. beautifully organized, formatted, and displayed. excellent ui design choices. accurate, if somewhat narrow _frx_ classification, presentation, common tx, etc. truly an example of web_available data packaged in a way that'a actually better, easier, and faster than just using a browser to view same. if only  more applications for mobile devices could be as well_done in so many ways as this_ 
 please ad more archie comic volume for free please because i cannot pay it. thanks_ 
 why aren't some of them free..false ads. 
 its great . sometimes i wish that i can get those paid boiks but its really less comparing it to the real prize i am happy that they have created something like this . and i am suprised that there are no ads in it . i woul suggest to make another app based on dork diaries i am dieing for one. any way its awesome _ 
 i agree, is this done as a joke to see stories we can not have_  is this a type of advertising ploy to make you go out and purchase the actual books_  kind of makes you lose faith in the company. 
 but this app is fantastic. its super simple to use, no ads, and easily detects imported dropbox files. this is the app you're looking for if you download cbr files. 
 i loved the app and the over all feel of it no ads popping up every where but i would give it 5 star if they improve the portrait mode a bit 
 love this app. no ads some of the comics dont load right away. minor glitches 
 i am not an expert on cbr readers, but i installed and then uninstalled many of them until i found this one. it's perfect for my device and it's ad free. i finally get to enjoy my lucifer collection. thank you_ 
 no ads. easy to find files. great layout.  all around nice app. 
 a no nonsense reader that is easy to use and doesn't have any distracting ads 
 very nice interface, looks great and does what it should. also a nice payment model, no ads but paid service for cloud support. 
 so far so good great app, works as advertised. 
 works as advertised.  oh yussss 
 simple, beauty, free and no advertisement. perfect 
 very simple, clean interface. decent set of features. thanks for not including ads in the app. edit_ great performance in portrait orientation but awful in landscape. 
 there are no ads that's why 
 this app is so remarkable. it keep me going. no ads thanks love it 
 this app is very very great. it is very useful ad i love li .. . . 
 i am sick of the app asking me to share it. i am paying for the service stop bothering me to do your advertising for you. 
 these books are usually meant for partially sighted or blind people, even though sighted people use them .why is the advert so small, only fully sighted people can read it 
 i love audiobooks _ audible have an excellent selection and this app allows me to listen to my favourite books wherever i am _ at work, taking a stroll, in the car. it always works perfectly. one of the best things about audible is that they are more than happy to let you return a book with ease for whatever reason no questions asked and reimburse your credit. also there are no annoying adverts or interruptions. 
 after they did make everyone hear that they existed via massive ad propaganda  everywhere, they come up with the crappiest and most unprofessional app ever. shame on you_audible_ for the difficult navigation within it plus the low quality voice overs on quite a lot of the books. my advice for ppl searching an audio books go to youtube and search them there or make an effort and read the book but for sure don't use this app it will ruin the enjoyment of reading. 
 this app is advertised as being free but it is in fact not free. whewhenn you first open this app you are immediately prompted to start a 30 day trial. please do not market your product as free when a 30 day trial period is involved. i would respect your company much more if they didn't do under handed stuff like this. 
 good app, but the ads kill it 
 claimed to have _free_ books on the app, but there is simply a _free sample_ of the books. false advertising between audible and facebook. uninstalled 
 i have been listening to audio books from audible for a while now, and i really appreciate the features this app provides, but just calm down on the ads. i get an audible pop up add every fifteen minutes or so on my phone, and this often interrupts me listening to the audible in the first place. so i will give this app four stars, and say, just calm down on the ads. also, my library on cloud is pretty dodgy, and it downloads some things but not others. 
 galaxy s5. works well as advertised. 
 looks blurry so i looked around and perfect viewer has a book shelf, is readable without zooming, has many more features, is ad free. why bother with a comic viewer_ 
 i had this app for a year already and it works awesome. i had a motorola droid too with this app and works completely fine_ i can finally read manga offline with no problems. i do have the desktop version of this app on my hp laptop and woah_  outstanding. and the ads wont bother you,  sometimes they dont even come up even if you have the free version.  its worth the download. great job devs_ be proud of your creation. 
 update add ads popup 
 don't bother.  this app is junk.  most of the images appear zoomed in and i can't seem to find a way to zoom out so i can actually read the whole page.  try _perfect viewer_ instead.  that one has no advertizements and the images appear in a way that can be read.  it also has the ability to read .pdf files. 
 finally upgraded now that there is an option to get rid of ads. i like the update, though i wish they would focus on getting the acv  format out there and supported. 
 does what it says well, haven't run into viewing issues, tho ads sometimes have a jump around the screen when interacting with the menus maybe its not been tested on htc one x yet.  but cheers for keeping it updated 
 i started using this as droid comic viewer and i have had no problems with it at all this comic viewer is worth it and if you worry about ads you won't see them while reading or at least i haven't 
 i really enjoy this reader. easy to use and runs smoothly. i highly recommend supporting these fine folks and spending the _1.99 for the ad free version. 
 this used to be a great app, but since the last update _ages ago_ it sucks. crashes for most comics i try to read. the latest update also added annoying ads. this app is really not worth it. 
 did not _upgrade_ when the new ad version came out and i have avoided seemingly all the problems. i'd definitely suggest going back a version if you can find it, at least until the bugs are worked out. 
 i can read about half the comics because it either crashes or the image is distorted. now with the uodate i am subjected to advertisements. nothing is free when you are subjected to commercials. 
 great app_ my new best friend_ mayb in update u can ad a bookshelf, comic book rack or magazine rack so we could display our comics_htc evo 
 really really bad  , komik is much much better and no ads , and smaller in size and u can actually find it in the ur android market . you can even set your main comic folder. 
 works as advertised 
 so, free contributions accepted from developers, but dare i ask whether ad money is returned to them pro rata to their contribution value_ 
 good reader. i only wish it would also open pdf files. lost stars because of ads, but added one because of the removal option. i still haven't updated though. 
 i have a new nexus tablet and paid for the no ads version of this app. it only views about 20_ of comics i attempt to open. do not waste precious memory on this defective app. use perfect viewer, it is appropriately named and has yet to give me a memory error. you have been warned. 
 you just had to make it ad_full... btw it sometimes cuts half a page or ruins it with some color lines. fix it. and if the premium version only removes ads, at least make it cheaper_ like _1 or something 
 good app despite ads. i wish it had better error handling though. 
 if i wanted to extract my files and flip through jpgs, i'd just use the built in pic viewer. fix the error, or don't advertise that it reads archives. 
 before it became abandonware and was picked up, acv never had ads. i get that they need revenue, but there needs to be a paid, ad_free option. otherwise i'll just be using an ad blocker. sadness. 
 these programs are some of the most simple to write programs for windows. claiming you need ad revenues for an already great program is too much. i neither want nor need anything beyond cbr and cbz. make a cheap ad free version and i'll come back. 
 way to ruin your app by putting ads in it.. 
 would have given 5 stars if the ad was removed.... might go back to an earlier version. 
 ads intrusive and battery draining. 
 1 star for the ads. if you are planning to add them, add them from the beginning. 
 was great, now a disappointment. there are better choices on the market. ads are lame and not at least providing a pay option to remove them is unacceptable. this used to be my favorite comic viewer. 
 uninstalled after new update. wouldnt open file,  ads getting in the way, program crashed trying to view a jpeg 
 i love this app, but i wont apply the latest update. if given the opportunity, i would purchase a premium ad free version. 
 good bye acv_dcv... uninstalling and using any of the ad free alternatives that exist like perfect viewer 
 the only default was that it didn't handle well cbr. its best quality was its interface. now, it is changing interface _instead of solving the cbr_rar problem_ and adding ads. uninstalling it and installing oldest version. i won't ever botter trying this newest version. 
 humans can relax now as inadvertent swiping by baby digits won't cause a light show anymore_ 
 kepada admin terhormat..mohon komik one piece nya di upload kembali krna banyak teman2 yg merasa kecewa dgn tiba2 terhapus_tidak ad lagi..saya mohon dan terima kasih..aplikasi anda sangat bagus dan saya suka 5bintang untuk aplikasi ini _d mohon tanggapannya 
 please click ads 
 iklannya brutal bro.... tiap 2 detik pop_up ads....parah.... 
 aplikasinya keren..gax ad masalah... 
 dah ngilang, ads nya makin banyak, boo_ 
 ini gak tau salah apa sama versinya , pokoknya gak bisa di pake sama sekali, ads nya juga banyak banget . tolong diperbaiki 
 g ad update 
 karena ada ads nya jd susah bacanya. ngapain sih_ mempersenpit aja. klw difix baru aku mau ksh 5 bintang_ 
 gue puas2 aja sih. tp cara download chapter slnjutnya dan add as favorite gmna_ ga ad tulisannya. 
 aplikasi ga guna banyak ads kaga bisa baca noob 
 karena app ini ga butuh beli komik di toko , tapi .... aku gak bisa 5_  kenapa_ , soalnya banyak ad _ iklan _ mungkin .. kalo di hilangkan aku rating 5 _ . sementara sii 4_ dlu yah. dan satu lagi , kalo ingin 5_ , tolong min .... update yah .... doraemonya tuh jangan yang speacial ajah yang episode petualangan sama yang campuran 
 amburadooooooooooooool halaman parah. udah kentang tbtb pas next page au kemana. sambungan sesudah dan sebelum halaman yg nyasar jg gajelas. ads nya juga kacaou rusuh. udah seneng2 padahal 
 aplikasi paling di rekomen. ads nya diminimalisir aja overall perfect.. update terus manga nya 
 pdhl udah bagus bgd ad aplikasi begini.ya kurangnya krn sering crash dan komiknya ada byk yg miss..tlg d update lg yaaa mimin_ 
 too many ads 
 cacat nih app, dikit2 nge crash trus lemot pula ditambah lagi banyak ads nya, sampah ni app_ 
 oke sih aplikasinya, tpi gk ad fitur downloadny, kalau ada fitur downloadnya kasih 5 deh.. 
 kok conan yg volume 20 pas halaman2 120an gak mw dbuka..sll dblg cannot connect to server pdhl jelas2 lg connect n gak ad gangguan..jd gak bsa bca vol.20 k atas.. 
 komikny jadul smua g ad yg trbaru 
 shinchan sama ninja hattori gk ad ya_ 
 udh bagus, but plz fix ads ny klo bisa cukup d bkin pop up 1x pd start app _ di kecilkan .add fitur search . add fitur remove ads _dgn beli key lewat google _ 
 legenda naga nya kgk ad, ni gmn_ 
 asli di smartphone gw gk ad msalah, pdhal ram gw cma kecil 
 aku baca manga dengan aplikasi ini setiap hari, sangat membantu dan juga praktis. sedikit catatan, saat membaca manga _kurogane_ vol4 dan vol5 kok isinya chapter yg sama _ mungkin ad kesalahan dalam link ya, mohon diperbaiki dan juga ditambah judul manga yg lain ya. tks 
 coba ada yang ad free walau bayar gpp lah 
 ads sich ads... tp kira2 lah bos... malah ngerusak user experience... atas ads, bawah ads, kluar masuk chapter ads.... 
 too many ads 
 terlalu banyak ads, baca jadi gak nyaman.. gimana mau baca kalau ads nya muncul terus_ 
 ad yg g bisa di buka _lost connection_ padahal signal bagus 
 kalo bisa sih ad search nya... 
 bagus sih tpi msh ad crash, smoga di perbaiki lg biar ga crush 
 the problem is too many advertisme nts 
 hate ads. ram eater. and splash every where just for sound. good sounds coll 
 funny notification. i hope that is the pro version, in order to avoid ads. 
 kmt. too much ad. 
 i love how it makes me dig for the verses then i find things that i didn't know or forgot. thank u for this crossword puzzle_ and no ad's_ how can i leave a new comment_ i have to edit the comment that i already have here. their must be a different way. please help_ trevor i wish u would add more games _ maybe word search games 
 remove ads. i can't see the scriptures due to ads. stop switching puzzle to new one if i didn't request so. 
 i didn't like the way the keyboard was jumping around all over the place. i wanted to check if my progress was correct so far, so i pressed check answers and next thing my final answer had been put into the grid for me_ _ i didn't press solve puzzle_ _gt_  ...i will be uninstalling if i can't remove the distracting annoying ads. 
 the ads cover up the clues most of the time. almost ready to uninstall but i like the thinking involved in answering. they are real bible questions, not just ordinary words. 
 don't  like ads. i would  gladly  pay for it to get. rid of ads. get rid of ads.  then a 4. 
 i like the question only problem is the ads get in the way and i can't forward to the next questions. please fix 
 love it however to much ads 
 pivoting love it...it helps to keep the mind on things pertaining to the word of god. please charge us a buck or two and stop the advertising. 
 i'd give the game a higher rating, however i highly despise ads. 
 did you know you have muslim adverts on this app_ _let us help you convert to islam now_ as for the app itself, it's a great idea, but simplistic in the implementation. more like a child's crossword _ make the answers overlap more so you're not stuck if you don't know one right away. it's alright for what it is but i think i'll do my spare_time bible studies in other ways. 
 app is good but some of the ads shown are nasty. 
 just wish the ads wouldn't get in the way of the bible verses. can't see where to find the passages because the ads are right over them. 
 the one problem i have found is that some of the scripture references are wrong. would also like to lose all the ads. 
 as soon as i turned it on i saw an almost naked girl on an ad. on a bible game_ it has no need for an internet connection so the ads are put in there. sad_ 
 game is ok. if it weren't for the ad blocking my view of the question. 
 i love how i can buy _very cheaply_ other translations on this one app_ so easy to cross reference between them. i can do everything with it that i could my physical bible and more. no adverts. no cost unless u want to buy something extra _ which i have because having it all on my tablet and cell phone _synched_ means i don't need a bookshelf next to my bed to hold 5 huge books. the night_mode display is especially nice.  get it, you won't regret it. 
 perfect for folks who want a simple bible app that highlights key verses without ads and subscription god bless 
 simple to use with no distracting ads. however, not exactly the kjv. i.e. public instead of publick in matthew 1_19. 
 tecarte is a wonderful digital bible you can't go wrong with it no excessive ads and not intrusive with other junk just plain good bible reading 
 easy to use_ no ads trying to distract you when using 
 no ads, just the bible as it should be, best bible app i have came across so far 
 good app without annoying ads,not giving 5 stars becoz the app can't be moved to sd card in moto e 
 simple, easy and ad free 
 simple and easy, and no annoying ads in your face_ thanks_ 
 king james version, archaic_ you must not have much gray matter between your ears, it's the only 1 you will find the creators truth in, all other translations have been corrupted by the enemy of souls _aka_ satan_ the pop ups when you open the app is pretty annoying now also, one opens the prophetic word to read the creators truth not have ads pop up into their face. 
 best bible app in my opinion. no unnecessary features or ads, just god's word. i like how your highlights are placed in order by book, so it makes it easy to locate all your highlights you have made. 
 great app ...too many ads though. 
 this app work great with no ads to get in the way _ simple controls but recently i ran in to a big problem. i wanted to use this app for a vision impaired person. while the font of the text got bigger which was great, the font of the book names, chapter, _ verses stayed the same so she couldn't see to change books. so disappointed. 
 very annoying ads pop ups 
 too many ads. very annoying. 
 well. i don't like those popping ads from nowhere. but it is still a good game 
 ads need to go and need to be able to earn more cash and things be quicker so need more friends 
 i only have 2 issues, you need to earn cash quicker and those darn sale ads have to go. give us the decision to decline and it disappears. otherwise you rock_ 
 after a while you get ad pop_ups even after spending money. lots of little triggers to spend more and more. build a landmark building in x amount of time for the rewards requires money, compete in contests spend to win. ., i am very disappointed,  i don't mind spending a bit, but when most events and bonuses require money. it kills the fun. 
 qw advertising 
 recent updates created issues with the game, can not connect to server. too many pop_up ads 
 joined group, shared through fb and still have not received the cash advertised.. like the game a lot but will uninstall if not corrected. 
 a lot of ads 
 it's not the greatest builder game, constant gi ad pop ups are annoying. production buildings are ridiculously expensive_ 10 gold per hr, 25000 for building. yes, projects pay a lot but again, buildings are needed_ flour can only do so much_ takes 50 flour trips to make a decent start or 1hr_ of continual circuits...3_ to do anything decent cause its just too expensive coin_wise _ time_wise. if you invest, it'll be a good game but at the rate i play, 2_yrs to decent play level. 
 ad 
 super time killing machine.... no ads no shit...just business business business. ..... good job by the team... just need more graphics update... thats all 
 i stand corrected there are no annoying ads. this app works perfectly on my galaxy s4 mini _ 
 shouldn't try to trump your near perfect first cal. now this is crap and the old one is a spam machine.  reply to dev_ the two apps are obviously not two distinct apps for those who bought original.  your own description states _users of the old business calendar pro can access the pro features of business calendar 2 for free as long as the old app is installed._ so apparently we must use valuable storage space on order to get pro features.  or, keep the ad  version we paid for to remove ads. 
 please ad a function to check for duplicate events. same time day and description. thanks 
 this app slows down my phone whenever it is running _which is always_. all aspects of the phone slow to a crawl, and when i open up the running apps, there it is _ running. as soon as i kill it my phone goes back to normal. i am not technically savvy enough to provide any more details other than the model of phone _note 3_ and the frequency of the problem _always_.  also, the information density is terrible. i now have to scroll to see my agenda _ something i never had to do in bcpro. whether it's the ui or the widgets, there is hardly any information on a single screen, but there's plenty of useless whitespace. this redesign is horrible to someone coming from bcpro, so beware.  to add insult to injury, i uninstalled and went back to bcpro, and now i'm constantly being pestered with intrusive ads for bc2. full screen ads that i have to actively close lurk around every corner. ads in an application that i paid for are unacceptable.  and don't even get me started on this iap bs. i never thought i would see the day when a version 2 of an app managed to ruin the version 1 app at the same time. i would give zero stars if i could. 
 the design is not as clear as the old version. tiring colours, less space for tasks in month view. widget is not as usable as the old version. also, please stop with the ad for bc2 in bc pro. stop being so pushy with this worse version of a perfectly good product, like bc1_ 
 ads make it annoying ..pl come up with a paid version with out the ads 
 the cards work perfect for the occasion and great advertisement need fancy and fun 
 but not a lot of options. however, the app fuctions well, and although there are ads you can make a business card within a few seconds. 
 it looked so good...it did nothing but open ad after ad..i couldn't even put in my info...nothing by pop ups...never had an app this bad..have to uninstall it. 
 to many ads, can't even begin to use, uninstalling . 
 app had full page pop_up ads that made it impossible to type in the info. fyi... banner ads are acceptable and understood for all free apps which were also being streamed on this app. maybe it was just my phone or browser version. thanks hope you can. fix this problem. ciao. 
 too many distracting ads 
 great way to advertise a new business. 
 it seems ok template option is good simple to use but why can't i edit a card once it's complete. updated my linkedin  url and had to make a new card. ok it didn't take long but that's surely not the point. that part is poorly thought through. i'd also happily pay for a paid app of it got rid of the permanent  pop up ads. 
 i love this app and i'll recommend it for anyone. its improvement should be on the ability to redo or edit a particular design without deleting a previous design. those ads would ruin ones life if this app continues to be a free app. please notify me if it becomes a paid app. 
 it did what it said it would do_ without foreclosing or too many ads. 
 crashes on a lollipop nexus. fields don't save data put when making a new card. no way to print a page of business cards on paper. no possibility to change business card dimensions to work with avery or other printer paper so useless for print. it has no dynamic links for websites such as facebook, linkedin, no qr code maker or other features for an online business card maker. ads are intrusive. edit_ custom card option crashes every time. have to scroll through all fonts to continue_poor design 
 i don't mind seeing adds when editing, but i can't have advertising when showing my business card.  uninstall. 
 very simple app. ads killed it for me. 
 i haven't started yet designing a card and so many pop up ads appear. i uninstalled it. 
 love idea. truly do. needs alot more fonts. realllllly needs small pay option to avoid ads. email runs over into adjoining space if any decent length. same w_ title. want to use. hope upgrades made. 
 too much advertising 
 keep me updated on events. no advertising popping up every 2 mins lol just what i need 
 these new video ads take up more than half the screen. you lost another bi reader. 
 crashes frequently and has annoying ads. 
 updated bi app recently, but now everytime i open a story to read after 3 seconds it tries to open some google ad file from my phone and shows an error.. everytime_ the app is useless for me now unless i can read every story in 3 seconds. htc one user here. 
 at the present time the website is better to use. the app frequently crashes, and there are ux bugs such as when sharing a story and returning to it the page is displayed in webpage format in a size to small to view. also the most annoying part of ux is clicking back, it always returns you to the homepage and not through the previous pages you have viewed. one last thing watching videos is a pain with the 30 second advert which is usually one of about three ads. 
 at the present time the website is better to use. the app frequently crashes, and there are ux bugs such as when sharing a story and returning to it the page is displayed in webpage format in a size to small to view. also the most annoying part of ux is clicking back, it always returns you to the homepage and not through the previous pages you have viewed. one last thing watching videos is a pain with the 30 second advert which is usually one of about three ads. 
 free version of wsj with articles on more extencive world news and specific professions like advertising. content is outsourced so it lacks bias opposed to a lot of other mainstream news apps. sometimes articles are not behind links. 
 great app with an easy interface and easy to navigate.  i love the way you write and the quality in the way you deliver news. i especially enjoy reading about tech, start ups, advertising, in fact i enjoy every topic that you cover. who hoo_ love it. 
 good app, no glotches, no ads, no crashes and free. best app out at the moment for sure 
 no ads, flawless reading experience_ 
 great news, small ads. just wish they had a version without the ads or the ability to close them once you saw it.  update_  i've been using it for years now and although the app works great. the quality of content has greatly dimished.  lots of ads passed as articles. bummer 
 but it's still bi, with their click bait titles and ads disguised as stories for apple. 
 one of the best newspaper app. far better than times of india . best one no ads. but only one problem with app it crashes whenever there are .png photos in article. 
 news like 'cool people use this lip balm' etc is just ads. no real news in this app. just bullcrap. 
 it is as what it advertised to be 
 now it has seroiusly invasive ads that forcibly take me to the ad website and interrupt my reading. 
 dont install this app. wasting time. advertisement keep pop up. the suit match your head with your face background. this look stupid. 
 very informative with no ads. 
 great app,love the way concepts are explained and that it doesn't have ads 
 this app does not sync with google tasks, as advertised. i used it for about a month. it will import your google tasks once, but after that it does not sync either way. it seems the tasks stay on your local device. if you later unlink your google account, you lose all of your tasks that never synced to google and seemed local to your device. terrible app_ 
 it works great_ thank you for having a lg wear watch app that actually loads and then also works as advertised_ 
 really enjoy the bare nature of a simple calculater, especially one with no ads like this one n particular but the decimal point is not responsive when pressed. can't get decimal point to display at all. thanks hope for an update so i can. re review my post 
 free version support both english and chinese. but paid version not. very very funny. paid version should remove ad and give more features. but reduce. is it cheating_ 
 nice app,but create to much advertisements, even page directly redirected to bullshit website 
 it puts a comedy central advertisement in the web page spot for every created business card. it doesn't show up until you save it to your contacts. very displeased 
 works as advertised. saves a lot of time... 
 keep saying login failed, internet unavailable even though i'm connected to internet. update_ ad away that block the connection. 
 when i try to login, or says no network connection. running on android l. had to return the purchase. edit, reconfigured ad blocker, working fine now. thanks a lot. 
 very  good.  does exactly  what it advertises 
 i don't see anything thrilling about it other than no ads, ui is pretty dull but overall it's ok 
 i chose it because no ads, and turns out to be amazing_ extremely customizable interface and the options are very thoroughly explained. many thanks_ 
 like the guy earlier said, no ads, responsive staff_ i was fortunate to find this great app_ 
 no ads i love it 
 no ads, absolutely free. encountered a small bug, the developer responded with a fix within hours. 
 app does precisely what it advertises_ and does so flawlessly. 
 great app, easy to use and best of all its completely ad free_ 
 powerful, fast, customizable, no ads. 
 gives me a seamless vertical scrolling experience with all my comics and it scales beautifully to my screen well enough that i don't even have to zoom in. gives you just the functions you need and detects files and archives swiftly. i can't seem to switch to anything even if i tried. on top of that it's 100_ free with no ads. thanks dev. all i would request is a more material design approach. not just the way it looks but the way the app transitions and feels. 
 awesome. easy to manage. no ads 
 this is a good reader didn't get bothered by any ads this device takes pride in his work thanks _ the trailer park trick of the day reading comics on u r phone_ 
 works perfectly. i'm using for cbz files. many setting options to makes it more perfect. and no ads. thank you. 
 works amazing and has no ads. thanks. 
 amazing for day to day tasks if your  using public transport but when you need to get somewhere fast it always suggest uber is the fastest, as an app that only works in major cities this is definitely not the case and i've ended up being late using its advertised cab service vs. i would of been early using the tube 
 this app is the the number one transit app that doesn't have ads and in app purchases_ i love this app it tells real time when the n train arrives_ 
 just what i've been waiting for ... now don't ruin it with adverts please ... 
 a must have app to install on any smartphone_  it combines google style maps with full train, bus routes, cycle and walk by the minute. delete other travel apps _apart from google maps_ as this does them all .  i don't think i saw any irritating ads...  deserves full marks _. 
 was off to london for the day. this app as my travel companion. went to go down one tube. station closed. just looked at option 2 offered by the app. immediately able to jump on the nearest passing bus knowing it was the right one and where to get off. saves so much time not having to look at maps and timetables.  no having to work out which route might be quicker etc etc.  can't believe it's free and no advertising.  well done developers.  first class very intuitive app. thank you 
 the app is fast, efficient, does not bomb me with ads, and is accurate for nyc busses. i've yet to test it with the subway, but initial review seems promising. this is currently my default transit app for new york. 
 good app. but would like to upgrade to the new app as advertised. 
 downloaded this app because their website said it is the only way to watch the presidential debates tonight for those of us without tv access. when i try to stream, it pops up _whoops_ we're working on supporting your device_ and will not stream. so it's either false advertising or straight incompetence but apparently android owners are banned from the debates. i deleted it and don't plan on ever downloading again. 
 okay if you are willing to look at advertisements.  beware_  if you want to watch cnbc video clips, you will get to watch the 30 second commercial but it won't play the clip. 
 just ads, no content 
 cnbc is the absolute worst when it comes to ads. these are not ads they are infomercials. everybody wants to earn big bucks off your data. 
 so you read all the reviews, but only fixed the one problem about the app not running on lollipop_  where is the live tv that's been on the ios version for some time now. i'm not switching to iphone just to watch cnbc live, but i might switch to blomberg.  i think all android users should start watching fox business news until cnbc gives us live tv on the app.  let's see how their advertisers feel about that. 
 used to be a clean app. now showing ads by google bar at bottom of screen. 
 the app plants a viagra ad right in the middle of every article, and if i scroll down, it redirects to the viagra website.  un_installed. 
 everytime i try to watch a video i have to watch the advertisement first and it gets stuck at the end of the advertisement and i am unable to watch the video 
 22_ batt use. i like the video clips but the ads before each are annoying and often freeze. 30s ad for 30s video is ridiculous income for them_ 100000x cable. abusive and annoying.  they need a setting to change video quality. streaming at hd used up 1gb easy using up my data plan. 50_ of that data was ads_ 
 the ads at the bottom of the screen are terrible. figure out better ways to monetize without destroying the experience 
 please fix ur app. when i try to play video it finishes the ad then freezes there. sometime i have to reload the same video 3_5 times before it start playing. this is a extremely pain. 
 video player always stops after first ad._ i never get to watch the content.  if i am forced watch that sh_tty ms cloud ad once more i will scream. 
 downloaded and installed ap. tried to watch video and was shown two ads. if you love ads this is the ap for you. uninstalled. buh bye. 
 wish i could customize it _under markets _ gold _ get rid of copper, add platinum_ and buy a version to get rid of advertisement banner and ads that show up in the middle of stories.  other than that, it's come a long way toward a solid app. 
 wish i could customize it _under markets _ gold _ get rid of copper, add platinum_ and buy a version to get rid of advertisement banner and ads that show up in the middle of stories.  other than that, it's come a long way toward a solid app. 
 can't watch live tv as advertised on the cnbc home page 
 installed in note3. overall good. but, when i try to play video. it starts with advertisement, then stops. i never to go see actual video 
 please remove the ads and provide a uniform user interface. also the live stream is not a true full screen experience. 
 used to work fine but gradually the data was grossly imbedded with advertisements and now the chart does not display. the application is useless_ 
 going anywhere off front page brings up just ads. worthless. 
 when you click a news item, it takes you to an ad and that's it....no news. you should worry less about advertising and more about user experience for now or no one will use your app 
 when you click a news item, it takes you to an ad and that's it....no news. you should worry less about advertising and more about user experience for now or no one will use your app 
 started getting ads for a keyboard from this app. definitely not cool. okay app but do not send me ads. 
 works mostly as advertised but through my g watch r any incoming message doesn't get saved in my default sms app on my phone. replies are, but not incoming texts. 
 notification ad for flickey keyboard_ uninstalled 
 wise choice... no ads, simple.. 
 now ads are getting in the way.  i know how to get around that, but i'd rather buy a ad free app. 
 give option to remove ads. i will pay 
 cant remove advertisements 
 please, provide choice to make it advertisement free_ 
 the latest update is terrible. the only new thing in this version is that advertisements have been added to the popup dictionary. it has become extremely slow, too. this is not an improvement. this is a greedy move, a step backwards. lucky, i had backed up the previous version. i restored it, and i disabled the updates. but you receive a one star rating, and you deserve zero. 
 why oh why wikipedia is free with no ads 
 advertisement 
 please we need to paid full version without ads 
 has advertisements 
 would have given _ i hate ads. 
 plz inapp or pro version for remove ads plz 
 love almost everything about the app, simple, easy and informative but please why do we have to put up with the bloody ads, they ruin a great product. i would be happy to pay for an add free version. 
 everything is perfect. but i wish i can purchase no ad version. 
 ads are on my nerve, don't you offer in_app purchases_ 
 it's fast, simple and easy to use. i simply love the speech recognition aspect of it. so far i haven't encountered any bug problems and i barely notice what few ads there are. 
 the only dictionary you'll need for offline use but don't update unless you like ads. 
 this is a great dictionary app. however, i absolutely hate to have ads flashing and scrolling while trying to use. i understand that ads bring in money but let us buy an ad free version, please_ 
 ...but if stardict is sufficient to your needs. then twinkle star dictionary is the next alternative. completely no ads. 
 my only quarrel with this app is not being able to remove ads. nears perfection otherwise. 
 i like this app, but i wish i could pay _5 and get rid of the ads. 
 when i touch word to highlight dictionary comes up before i can highlight.... did not ask to open dictionary how do you set it to only open when requested_  can u make ad fee version_ 
 perfect app just wish u can add a random word widget_ also remove the annoying ads. 
 i hate the ads and will pay for an ad_free version. 
 pls remove those ads 
 i wish there was a paid version with no ads. 
 how can i get an ad free version_ 
 excellent.  only needs a no ads version. 
 useful. i wish i could get rid of ads though. recently pronunciation stopped working, error message. no way to contact dev in app. 
 i wish there were a paid version so i could  get rid of the little ads. i also wish i were able to change background colors when using it as a standalone app. but when i use it as a plugin for moon_ reader the colors interface well_ thanks for all the hard work_ 
 i have ads on my motog in this app. why_ 
 i'm just wonder how is this colored _ this app is all over the advertisement, so i decided to download it, nice app. 
 haven't had any major problems with it yet. still can't figure out if its an app problem or user error as to why i'm having _remember my spot_ issues. ads suck, but its a free app. 
 a very good comic reader, but the ads that cover the reading space can be annoying. i haven't encountered that particular issue after a reinstall, so i assume it's fixed. for anyone else having that problem, try reinstalling the app. 
 i'm on the nexus 7 and this works great for me.  i have never seen a ad covering the reading area as reported by others. in fact i have never seen a ad in the reading area period. the ads are located on the screen where you pick the comic to read at the bottom of the screen.  correction it does have ads that block the viewing area. i still great though but have to remove a star. 
 like others, i would have rated this app 5 stars before the new ads system, but now i'd give it 1, so let's give it 3 stars. i was also looking at buying the full version, but the devs decisions have changed my mind _also i wanted to use it with the pc app, but i saw that it was only for windows_. it's too bad, because it's the best reader on android i've found, and now i have to look for another one... 
 when it comes to buying comics and reading them on my device, comixology is the best. however, if i want to read my own scans, which i have converted to cbz or cbr files, no ther tool comes close to comicrack _ and i tried them all.  the ad problems seems to have been solved so there's really no need to look further. 
 i love this app and stand by it, but after buying the full version it kept saying 'unable to find license agreement' before shutting down. i have since requested a refund and now i'm stuck with this free one.. ads and all 
 ads popup when reading comics. 
 amazing app.easy to read.ads are a not much of a problem either.lets you sort your comics easily.awesome_ 
 used happily for 12 months. now you're getting greedy by putting ads over the pages_ all the time_ too intrusive. really disappointed and am uninstalling. bye. 
 the ads are no longer very annoying however the app crashes immediately upon start on the asus tf300 jelly bean. i have to reinstall the app for it to work temporarily before it just crashes again. guess it's time to move to acv again until a fix comes 
 i used to use perfectviewer and liked it a lot.  comic rack blows it away.  it looks slicker and it is just as functional with all the tap zones that can be customized.  in addition, you can preview all the pages and scroll through to the page you want quickly.  this is great for comics with lots of ads or fluff comics that i don't want to read.  all of that makes it great without the syncing to the desktop app _ which makes it unbeatable. 
 in the latest version, i'm dropping my score from 4 to 2 due to the annoying pop_up ads. the full version also costs at least double the usual amount compared to most other apps. 
 good program, until it started to pop up an ad for the paid version in reading mode that takes up half of the landscape screen. since it keeps popping back up, i'm thinking of removing the program. 
 pros_ 1 it reads from sd cards 2 u can switch sides if ur reading manga 3 when u open a two page panel u can read it in full screen when u flip ur tablet 4 u can orgnize ur comics in folders to reach them easier 5 it will save the last page u read this is very useful with long graphic novels  cons_ 1 ads they will pop up when yr reading if ur net is connected 
 i use comicrack for my computer, and this works just as well. i wouldn't get the paid version cause it's way too much and the ads are barely there. 
 i have tried every comic reader out there and this one is by far the best. very easy to use especially with the pc program. ads are not in the way at all and you can close them immediately. never had an issue and have been using it forever. highly recommended. 
 often described as bloated, has ads that are loud and intrusive, and interface that accidently forces you to jump forward to the end of the book. but its better than whats out there. lets me us my sd card and its easy enough to add and remove books. i'd buy it if it wasn't 8 dollars.    edit_ actually i might consider comic cat. its cheaper than the paid version and seems more funcional. 
 has no one here heard of perfect viewer_ anyways, i came from using that program, which doesn't even charge for full version. they just ask for a donation. and i wanted to see what this reader was all about. but the ads are ridiculous and the price of the full app is scandalous high. comparable to when dvds first came out for 30 bucks a pop. but the biggest killer for me was not being able to have sub folders within folders. makes reading downloaded comics crossovers impossibly difficult. _ uninstalling. 
 my fave comic app and i would buy the full version but i just think it's over priced for so little being added, if you lower the price a lil i would buy it just to get rid off the ads 
 i don't like the ads popping up in the comics, but this is still the best comic reader available. no other app i've tried is as good as cr at sorting comics into series, switching between one_page and two_page views with a simple rotation of my tablet, etc. works great, just wish the premium version were a little cheaper. 
 ok so the ads are a bit annoying but what can you expect from a free app. the organization choices are great, liking the storyline sort, as apposed the publishing date. much easier to use and view comics than the other apps i've tried. 
 great comic reader. no issues or crashes.  occasional pop up ad but close ad to make it go away. 
 overall i like this but _5 is too much to pay. ads are now intrusive in the free version. _1_2 i'll pay for a good app and this is good. works well with nice features. 
 the features do what they should, it's well maintained, and the live wallpaper is nice. a few ads and using a usb to sync are a great savings, though. comic reader mobi syncs to internet shares, not just my network computer with the program installed, so i put the money i saved into buying that. i do use the live wallpaper from this program, though, so it still has some unique features to make it worth a fee. i just couldn't compare _7 for wireless sync to _9 for android and iphone together of crm 
 ads everywhere_ 
 i use this app on my asus transformer tablet and love it the ads are annoying but quick to close i will buy the paid version if only for the pc sync option alone but it would be nice to see a programmable reading order for comics instead of numerical. 
 don't update_  latest update includes ads over your comics pages every half dozen or so page turns. try another comic app if until this is gone.  update_ the ads are now getting obnoxious. i was gonna just buy this ap, but they raised the price when they _ed up the free version, so i'm switching to perfect viewer until i find a better reader. 
 really really good. everything i need from a comic reader. on my short list of apps to buy in the near future. the ads are mildly annoying, but a reasonable price to pay for free. try it, then buy it. 
 i was going to switch to the paid version since i found the app to be useful, but after having those constant pop_over ads in the free version since the last update, i changed my mind. having a _free_ program does not mean you can harass prospective customers with constant annoying ads that cover up what you are trying to read. i would have given this a rating of 4 before, but because of the ads it now gets a 1.  i know this is the ad_supported version, but the ads that cover your comics is too annoying. the older versions of this ad_supported program were much better, the ads were there but they did not get in the way of using the program like it does now. 
 this app has progressively more intrusive ads in the free versiob which also cause the app to crash.  the paid version is100_ stable where this is 90_ .  good app and worth money 
 comicrack is likely the best of its kind.   despite this, it's starting to scare me off.   popup ads during reading show up every few pages. it's annoying but i understand the need to make money.    i wanted to support the developer by buying the full version instead. but turns out it's pretty expensive.   it's not my place to say the full version is not worth the money, but it's more than i'm willing to spend.   a shame,  because right now the ads are too intrusive, and it costs too much to get them off. 
 terrible viewer, frequent ads,.  switched to perfect viewer which is both free, ad free and has great, customizable interface. 
 just realized that i actually qualify to write a review for this. so... i simply love this app. the controls are easy to use and works great with torrented comics. little things like comic orientation and screen brightness that change regardless of your device's settings are also quite convenient. the ads aren't very intrusive either _no big onscreen game ads_ just a banner near the bottom that can be removed easily. switching between comic folders is also easy through the preferences tab. ultimately i really just love the look and feel of this app and love knowing that i have a comic library in my device wherever i go. 
 since last couple updates there are more ads and they take you out of the comic even when you try and close it spend more time reopening comics than reading 
 works as advertised. nothing more, nothing less. ui could be better. 
 best comic book reader by far. annoying ads keep popping up every 5 page or so, but i don't have 8 bucks to spend on an app for the moment so can't complain. 
 after using it for a couple of weeks, there are now ads showing up that actually cover up bottom of comic page. 
 simple and easy to use, ads dont cause any unnecessary distraction and it works great on my galaxy tab 3...for now 
 this has been my favorite for years, by suddenly there are ads while reading the comics and they don't just sit at the bottom of the page, they cover part of it. ruins the reading experience, totally destroys the immersive feel when you have to be closing ads every few pages. 
 quite good until ads start popping up while you're reading. get lost with that. 
 ok i didn't, but i bought the full version and the windows version. the free version works great, they ads are mostly non_intrusive. combined with the windows version it becomes the be all end all of drm_free digital comics. 
 this would be at least 4 stars but ads keep getting in the way of reading and they could be better at organization. get rid of the ads piping up when i am reading and you will get a better rating. no one wants something covering up a page while trying to read. 
 simple to use, nice settings, the comic directory is very manageable, buttons don't get in your way, ads respect privacy. it may not look fancy, but it's a well done app. 
 definitely the best out of the available free readers. cant rate 5 stars because of the ibtrusive ad banner that keeps popping up every few pages in reading mode. i dont mind the ad banner everywhere else, but while reading its definitely annoying. perhaos you can show an ad everytime someone's finished with or exits a book. 
 incredibly fast and smooth, wonderful tablet ui, it's just phenomenal. the free version doesn't leave much out at all, and ads aren't too bad. that's why i got the paid version, this is a great dev that i'm glad to support. 
 definitely the best cbr_cbz reader for android. includes many features and has many sorting criteria _series, folder etc._   the free version is great and the ads aren't overly obtrusive. i love it.  thanks cyo for developing the best android comic reader ever. 
 read different format and ads show up only in settings menu, not when u are reading a comic  . great download 
 don't get me wrong, i do know that programmers need to pay their bill, but seriously, this free version has too many ads, and i have to pay _7.89 in order to get the ad_free version_   please tell me why, why i have to pay _7.89 if i can find a better version _perfect viewer_ for absolutely free.  uninstalled. 
 great app for for reading comics, it's just the ads were giving me light seizures. seriously it was ad after ad after ad, i'm personally sick of this app. 
 i never used to get ads while reading a book.  today they started popping up during reading.  i didn't noticed an update, and looked at the latest patch notes and nothing is mentioned about that changing.  very underhanded way to put them in with no warning.  it's a shame as this is a great app otherwise.  _asus transformer infinity_  want to add that i would buy full version if it wasn't so crazily expensive. 
 comic readers used so far. would go for ad free version if price is reduced a bit 
 i can't acess comics on my exsternal sd card,and ads are annoying.shame _ 
 just don't go overboard with the ads, please... 
 i've used the free version for a while and have been loving it. was soon going to purchase the full version to support the developer and get rid of the pop up ads _understandable to support development_, but the new full screen video ads are utterly annoying and degrade system performance to the point of random occasional unrecoverability. not to mention if i happen to have the volume on it startles everyone else around me. i'm not going to support something that provides such a disjointing user experience. ruined a good thing. 
 so far so good on sony xperia z but, it will bee 5 stars when you reduce pop up  advertising _ 
 i really like this app but the ad is super annoying and the pro version is kinda over priced. 8 bucks to lose the ad is steep. 
 was the best comic app ever but the ads is getting annoying after update, and the app icon is horrible  _update_ the ads no longer popping out in the middle of pages after i uninstalled and install it again. however would love to see a better icon and logo, i'm a professional graphic designer and would love to design the logo and the app icon for free. 
 meeen ads is annoying. please fix that or tell me how to disable but it sucks when i'm learning and pops out an ads. 
 it would be perfect if it hadnt these ads, but in rooted phone with some ad blocker is perfect 
 best reader on the market. i would love to purchse the paid app, but it is a bit too expensive. maybe _5 or so would entice more people to buy it. edit_ price is now almost _8. i cannot really recommend the paid app for that price, and the ads are so intrusive now that they crash my device. 
 aside from the slight delay i get transitioning from the first page after starting the app, i have no complaints about the performance of this app. i like the integration of live wallpapers and twitter.  if your upgrade cost was less i'd upgrade in a heartbeat. considering i have no data plan attached to my device i could care less about the ads in the free version. i'd still upgrade if you lower the price. anything south of _5 is fair imo. 
 you can't read with annoying ads all the time. uninstalling. 
 the app works great and i came to the store with the intention of paying for it, but good god, 8 bucks_ i'd rather block the ads and stick with the free version, that's just too much 
 update pushes ads over reading area. will no longer use this app. shame because of how nice it was, i was considering buying it before the devs did this. 
 ...you want us to buy the app.  but the free version should not be unusable.  two pages go by and a full screen ad pops up.  close the ad and the app loses your spot, or brings you back to the wrong book. 
 i love the desktop version but the app crashes too often and the ads are a pain. even with the occasional crash i would buy the full version but not a chance for _8_ 
 annoying ads after the update. very annoying. otherwise perfect. 
 it's like what catalin said, now this apps become sucks with annoying ads that covered the whole page. even with v1.63 that ads still covered the whole page, it's start happening about two week ago, with just small ads, then increasing litle by litle than covered the whole page. and the ads come in every one minute.... i have using it about one month, before i use perfect viewer, if this continue like this, i will go back to perfect viewer. 
 unbelievable that the ads pop up while reading. treat my 1 state as 0 until this yes fixed. 
 it might be the best reader however popup ads are worse than pernament adds, they cover reading area even though ofteb theres more than enough blank space. and you have to move uour finger on close button each time they appear. if that keeps up i might as well change a reader, border cutting feature aint worth the annoyance. 
 won't even open anymore. plus annoying ads. 
 popup ads that obstruct the page, several times per issue. seriously_ used to be a great reader before this. good luck driving your user base away.. 
 every update increases the presence of ads, and now the ads appear while reading comics. while you can buy the ad_free version for _8, there are other free readers that are just as good that won't bother you with ads every few pages. 
 so many ads... 
 i really love comic rack and it does everything i would ever want it to do. but there is a glitch when an ad appears at the bottom. now i really don't mind ads, especially considering that it is a free app, but this is causing the app glitch out and render my comic unreadable. i have to exit the comic and go back in every 5 mins because of this _ 
 feature creep_  feature creep, creeping featurism or featuritis is the ongoing expansion or addition of new features in a product, such as in computer software. extra features go beyond the basic function of the product and so can result in over_complication rather than simple design. viewed over a longer time period, extra or unnecessary features seem to creep into the system, beyond the initial goals.  i have over clocked my tablet from 1 ghz to 1.5 ghz and when flipping pages app doesn't respond sometimes. not to mention the newly added annoying ads to purchase app. you used to be able to turn off wi_fi to avoid ads. the thumbnails in your folder list really stinks on a phone too. not enough screen real estate .  only still using this because all other comic reading apps completely suck. where are the android devs at_ 
 the page turn effects are too heavy to run smoothly. also, it's come to a point where it's more advertising, than reading_ 
 better than most of the viewer apps on the market. four star due to the ads. the ads are very disturbing. i wish there was a paid option to remove the ads. 
 works perfectly.  came from perfect viewer and the ui in this is much better.  just wish there was a 99c iap to remove ads. 
 i really love the app is there any way to buy it and get rid of the advertisements_ 
 the ads cover up the tool bar_i cant see any thing ive tried to ,ad covers page report,so delete the ads_ thanks,cgellen_ 
 no manipulation for images other than zoom in or out. no clear boundaries for images. you can only import from gallery, you can't draw your own. then when it first ally saves, the images you uploaded are at half the resolution you initially started with so you can neither see nor read anything in the photos. worst program i've ever seen. don't forget the obtrusive ads, can barely see the screen when they pop up. worthless. i'd pay people  not to buy this. 
 i always try to give apps a chance despite their reviews but the reviewsfor this were spot on it was co fusing and ads covered everything_ 
 the ads cover up the vital tools at the bottom, making this app completely useless. 
 i can't access the bottom menu coz it is covered with ads. please fix this. 
 ads cover the tool bar i can not do any thing ads cover toolbar 
 stupid ads are in the _ucking way 
 worst comic maker ever i try to add a picture it won't let me and it stops and ads cover tool bar 
 why claim to be free and then after the download and while reading a manga, interrupted with a trial offer for premium service and cannot finish the story. i don't mind paying for an app but if the apps advertise to be free then it should be free with no strings attached_ that is to mean, the app and the ability to access and read the content _manga_ are also free. its a manga app_ if the mangas are not free to rrad then the app is not free_ i pay for crunchyroll anime app and love it but this is bogus. it needs to clarified up front and the mangas contained within should slso be clarify payment will be required up front before installing in the app description.  i will be discouraging others from installing this app until it is changed. signed unhappy camper 
 paid not free still shows ads and is very slow loading pages. should preload pages. uninstalled. _ 
 the description says read manga for free. you can read the newest chapter for free, but cannot read any of the older chapters without paying for a membership. plus, you can't even go back to the first chapters and read, because they don't seem to be available. i love the anime app, and i'm fine watching ads and not having a membership. and i don't mind waiting an extra week to watch the newest episode. something similar should be done with the manga app. 
 false advertisement... need paid subscription to view full series... with a limited selection of manga to begin with 
 i would give you zero stars if i could. false advertising. why make it say unlimited access for free when its not. you can only read the first chapter then they slap you with start a free trial today_ i remembered why i hate crunchy roll now. 
 i like how ads are based off of active sub _ pretty nice actually compared to having to buy the app ads free seperately 
 you said it is ad free but it still show ad 
 too many ads. also has a really poor collection of manga. 
 you have to make an account and pay monthly to go to the second chapter of any story...other than that it seems like a decent app...but they make it seem like it's free and ad free as well but there's small soundless ads that distract you while you're reading at the top of the comic pages 
 my review_ firstly, when i first opened this app. i was disappointed to find that i must buy almost all of the manga but your two free to read copies of each manga. otherwise meaning, you must buy their 15_ bucks a month premium membership that includes all and every episode of their anime to watch without any ads. however that adds up to more then 49_ bucks a year_ so not worth it_ i would rather buy all of the full seasons of my favorite anime, and every book of my favorite manga on amazon.  since i have gotten nothing but great costumer service from them_  fast replies and they have always solved all of my problems with any of my orders. in fact, i have never been dissatisfied with the speed how fast my order arrived either. if you really want your money's worth. my advice_ i suggest you go someplace else. cause this seems like a ripoff to me. i think you should try looking up your favorite manga on amazon. they have lots of manga for around less then _4.99 each plus shipping. it is worth a look, since they even have lot of the lesser known ones. i give this app. overall_ 2 stars. as i am sorely disappointed by the shear lack of free manga. when it clearly said they were free. 
 it has good manga but some of it requires membership and ads are annoying not saying ads are annoying but it does it every five minutes for me. 
 the ads are very distracting. 
 not much manga and plain ads 
 so long as you pay for the membership, you won't encounter any advertising while you watch anime or read manga. 
 why would you pay all most 5 _ for reading manga when you can read it for free on the internet_ if you argue they have to buy the books to make a profit then why in there anime app you can watch for free_ makes no sense, why dont they just make it free but put ads every 3 pages_ i dont mind that. 
 doesn't have one single good manga in it_ even if it did, you can only see like half the page because of ads. sucks_ 
 the ads for this app  was overhyped. anything that you were planning on reading will most likely not be found here. 
 i completely hate this app from top to bottom. the ui_user interface_ is glitchy and undesireable. every time i try to look for a lower chapter in a series, the scroll bar glitches and closes, making me go through hundreds of chapters to look for that one chapter. yes, i call volumes chapters because it is more comfortable to me. also, the scroll bar glitches and stops scrolling for about 5 seconds. there are barely any famous manga. ads. paid. horrible. i suggest.mangarock.its free, and paid ver. is great. 
 don't waste you're time. its full of ads, and it won't let you read anything. 
 many of the available manga are amazing, and this app got me into some good ones, but the collection is tiny_ and seriously, you need premium to use it fully_ there's not much you can do with it, and it's not even quick at uploading. you've got ads, yet you make us pay still_ that greed is one of the main aspects that puts crunchyrole below other manga apps and anime sights. 
 because of the ads 
 ... except for the ads that suddenly started popping up. i pay for this service, i don't understand why i have to look at ads. very distracting 
 i give it  3 stars because it has the mangas i'd like to read but i can't get to read them because i have to make an account to get the 2 week trial. i don't want the 2 week trial. it doesn't matter if i get ads but i can't get to read any of the mangas because of the 2 week trial ads 
 did earning from ads isn't enough even make this app paid to read manga_ free to instal and paid to read... 
 seriously , ads all almost covers the screen _ hate it _ 
 even kaichou wa maid sama is not in there. paid everywhere. bah. it is much better anime with ads than paid manga. 
 i tried to read but every page i turned another ad came up on the page until i couldn't take it and gave up with reading anything on their and i liked what i was reading 
 the app is great but i can hardly read the page with all the ads on it. also, most of the manga requires you to be a premium member but it never offers you to become a premium member. 
 you keep on giving the 14 day trial ad again and again its just too irritating i'm uninstalling it right now 
 everything was going fine for the first chapter but when i tried to go to the second chapter it wouldn't let me go on until i signed up for a free trail and i tried but it wouldn't accept my email address no matter how many times i tried and seriously only the first and last chapters are unlocked without having to have membership i would way rather have ads so why not do that please. 
 don't be so desperate for money that you have to show ads while reading..show it anywhere else, but not while reading 
 every time i load a new chapter the ad at the top of the screen multiplies eventually there is not enough room for the manga please fix this besides that good selection just fix as soon as possible 
 too many ads_ started with one, which was fine, now it's up to 5 at a time and the ads are taking over most of the screen to the point the manga is too small to read at all. the ads have made the app useless. 
 few mangas and you have to pay to read most of them plus there's big colourful ads on top when you are reading. 
 adverts became more and more obtrusive as you flick pages until they cover the screen and you have to restart to get rid of them. the manga selection is limited, and a number of popular series are not in full. 
 if instead of paying for a premium account crunchyroll would have gotten their financing of this app from ad space. like most apps geared to manga reading. not sure why crunchy didnt go with that more functional avenue than,pay to read service. uninstalling. 
 this app hardly has any mangas to read, too much ads pile up when you read, and most mangas require you to have crunchyroll premium 
 you can read the first and last chapter and that's it. unless you want to get a membership but i don't mind watching ads in the anime app or waiting for the newest episode. but the selection was bad and not synced to the anime app. if you watch the anime, you might want to read the manga. 
 i thought if i had a premium_ membership i wasnt supposed to get ads on ads on ads 
 the ads sucks they put it more than once the ads just keep going and going 
 hey crunchyroll this is the 3rd time one of those ads that play above the manga when new _ available chapters are being read tried to forcefully downloaded it sell from the google play store onto my phone. you should disable them and fix this from happening again. 
 i enjoyed the anime app, since all you have to do is watch a couple ads at the beginning, middle, and end of each episode, which is kind of annoying but still bearable. the manga version, _this_ made for reading instead of watching, only let's you watch the first and last episodes.  this is a money making scheme and doesn't even have all of attack on titan, which was my reason for downloading. i would be fine if there were ads, just not complete restriction without money 
 i haven't even had it for a day yet and i'm already having problems, i read one chapter of a manga but when i tried to click on a new one an ad popped up telling me to try the 14 day trial for crunchyroll premium. i closed out of it and tried again but the ad came up again. it happens with every chapter i click on and i can't read any of the manga. if you can get this fixed for the people who want to read manga but can't pay your fees for premium then maybe i'll give a better rating 
 really_ ads that cover a big chunk of the screen for a service i'm paying monthly for_ 
 you have to have a membership, theres ads, and not in color, i would have forgave everything if there was color but nope, if i want a manga i would rather go to zingbox, especially mangahere, plus isn't illegal to get money off of other stuff, also any idiots that paid for a membership, you wasted your money. 
 i really enjoy this app i am able to find whatever i want to read.it may have ads but i mean they have to make a bit of money. 
 too many ads 
 to much ads 
 each and every tab have ads . i think its all paid review.  what is prize of one review_ 
 due to advertisements 
 not good. one and most one mistake in this app. getting many ads in this app. can't reqd normally. 
 remove ads........... 
 would have given 5 stars but the ad really sucks 
 good, but prefer no ads... 
 way too many full screen ads 
 almost every page opens an ad which is kind of annoying. syntax highlighting_ 
 too much ads i hate this 
 a good app for it students also but ads are annoying 
 everything is good but there is too much advertising reduce ads _ 
 everything is good but there is too much advertising reduce ads _ 
 spent too much energy cancelling in app advertising to evaluate the app itself. possibly a good c tutorial, but definitely a waste of time. 
 please_ remove those advertisements...that are seriously annoying a lot.. 
 ...everywhere ads _if i could i leave here meme from toy story_... 
 it is very useful for beginners,but the ads are quite annoying.. 
 ads show after every dialog  and dialogs confirmations have to be clicked twice. i would pay for a small fee for a version without ads. 
 cool app but unuseable due to too many ads. 
 i love it so much. only thing is that there's too much ads... but that won't stop me from giving it a 5 star rating 
 great app....little improvements needed....ads are troublesome....need app for c_ and java...go on buddy _ 
 reduce ads 
 best app for beginners  but the real problem is ad is coming in every minutes, probably every second 
 please manage the ads to not be annoying. and add some arduino related programming stuff 
 doing a unit related to c..  and this app is really helpful.  and no adverts..  5_ deserved 
 full screen audio ads 
 i dont like this because of advertisements 
 very clear app.  for five stars tone down some of the ads.  half the amount would be a little more acceptable.  also, if there were answers somewhere to the uni exam questions that would be cool too.  overall a good reference tool _ 
 this app has many great programs ... i was looking for something for my exams and this was perfect ... but there were too much of ads _please add a paid version to remove ads_... but still overall a fine app ... hats off to you dev 
 annoying ads 
 too much of advertising 
 if ads didn't pop up constantly every time you changed  screen, it might actually be slightly useful 
 very gud app almost all syllabus cover it from c but too much ads 
 but to many ads which disturb everytime 
 massive amounts of typos in english version.  some tutorials were hard to understand because the grammar was incorrect and confusing.  still an informative app.  ads though _ 
 good stuff but full of ads 
 too much ads 
 sure, u get money from ads. dont put full screen ads. ads at bottom of the apps wont disturb users. so please make a change and minimize ads. 
 horrendous are your annoying ads, there's no option to remove them and you failed to write your code correctly in order to contact you... what a shame_ uninstalling now. 
 it is fine with the app...but, ads irritate me in this... 
 it's good app but the ads very distrubing, always show when we press back 
 the app was very well done and nicely polished.  the information is a little outdated, and the frequency of ads brought this down from a 5 star review. 
 lot's of advertising 
 this app is good.. but problem is there are too many ads..._ 
 though the app is very nice and a good way of learning c lang. but the ads always come in between the app usage. 
 too many ads 
 looks good but too much of irritating ads, ads frequency should be on lower side 
 app works fine but ads everywhere 
 lot of ads 
 apart from inapp advertisements everything is good n usefull 
 whenever i press back from a program, it shows the ads, which really sucks.... 
 advertisement comes frequently on this app 
 ads spoil the show 
 i've been quite happy with the selection of comics. being able to track down old and hard to find series have been great. however, the main page takes a long time to load and my phone will attempt to close out the app before everything runs smoothly. it's also disappointing that some of the advertised comics arn't able to be downloaded through the app. 
 great app. works as advertised. in app payments makes getting to reading comics easy.  good stuff. 
 a good app. no issues so far and i like the lack of advertising.  many apps would bombard you with attempts to sell more product. but they seem to get the concept of having a product good enough to sell itself.  i generally give 5 stars for impressive features 3 for barely functional you can guess the rest.  all in all i am sarisfied with the app. 
 this app works as advertised. the only thing i would like added is a cart so you can purchase multiple comics at a time. 
 inappropriate permissions. unnecessary for in app purchases and wrong for advertisers_investors. i almost didn't download and will probably delete after trying. 
 this review is specifically for v1.3.6 and not for the app in general.  the latest version only displays a black screen.  apparently the content is somewhat available as an ad re_directed to my web browser when i clicked on the screen.  this app needs to be removed from the store and reverted to the previous version without delay.  update_  clearing cache and data appeared to allow logon but this required removing nearly 4 gb of downloaded comics, an unacceptable amount of data to be used to recover my collection.  update 2_  after downloading a comic and closing app, app then went back to a black screen.  clearing cache only does not help.  going to attempt full remove and re_install update 3_  removing and re_installing app had similar results.  black screen after reading a comic then closing_opening the app.  i am not pleased at the idea of clearing my data every time i want to read a comic, especially as i download them for traveling and often do not have data available when i am in the air or on the train. 
 this app does exactly what it needs to do without harassing you with ads or specials unless you want to see them, and it does it simply, quickly and without hassle. i can't fault it, so it is well worth 5 stars. 
 good works as advertised. 
 its like christmas every wednesday. but it never advertises the new release issue's of _injustice_ gods among us_. what up wit dat_ 
 i loved this app because it works as advertised i can't lug around twenty books at a time this app fits nice buy a book download it's yours no ads in between pages or videos i have to watch and login is acceptable no glitchs i seen and u can use ur google play balance or debit card and support is immediate and continues until u got it figured out or they fix it 
 i loved this app because it works as advertised i can't lug around twenty books at a time this app fits nice buy a book download it's yours no ads in between pages or videos i have to watch and login is acceptable no glitchs i seen and u can use ur google play balance or debit card and support is immediate and continues until u got it figured out or they fix it 
 not bad but full of adverts 
 everytime i hit buy to buy batman, it always goes to the screen where it shows _0.99 for 1,000 coins and i do have like 517 coins, enough to buy batman. also, i bought the magnet just fine without going to the buying advertisement once. _ 
 advertisements 
 ads suck. and you have to create an account. 
 math, science, art and history are the categorys they have. no foreign language learning cards and how do you even make flashcards_ its good if you want to study the above subjects and the app is organized by grade level with no ads. 
 its good but it would be better with no ads and everything unlocked 
 when i decide to watch my animation an ad poped and i clicked it when i turned it of my animation didn't save 
 cool game for animating no crashes or anything but the ads r just poping up and take me straight to a website but when i go back on the app my animation would of been deleted but yeah really cool game _ 
 it's 2d but it's good. u get to create ur own animations and no ads in mine. but u need money to unlock some props. but it's cool. check it out 
 can't change the background i hate this and many ads 
 when you try to use it an ad comes up the same exact one_ don't what ever you do don't do it_ it a time waster_ 
 when i was done a ad tried to freaking delete my hard work quit it now_ 
 cant stop playing but hate the ads 
 too many ads 
 fab game but when your watching your comics a ad comes 
 why do i get porno ads 
 where to begin_hmm... first of all, i can't even go through the characters you offer, because of the same ad popping up over and over again. second, should i really have to pay to create my own character_ third, i can't even access the drawing_animating part of the game_ this is truly awful. 
 stupid thing doesn't even let me make a new video_animation because of the stupid ad for their new free app thingie. 
 perfect game u should ad more guys like super heroes or transformers like u could go to properties and transform from vehicle to robot and then be a cool smooth animation for it just some crazy ideas but keep doing wat your doing 
 its soooooo easy to use and its easy to upload my animations to youtube x3_just 1 thing plz make it so that there is less ads plllzzz_ 
 it won't let me put on the video cause of the ads 
 every few seconds ads pop up asking you to download paid extensions. very little out of the box applications. 
 do i have permision to advertise this on youtube_ please reply. 
 does exactly what it says on the tin. found it very easy to use and very minimal ads 
 it took for ever to download and there was a lot of in app purchases and ads i did bot like that 
 first ebook reader without ad popping up. i love it. nice job. 
 seems to be working like a champ for me. full_screen pages with no ads. i love it_ samsung galaxy light on t_mobile 
 can't give this app more than 5 stars, unfortunately. it gives much more than any paid reader apps, and all that for free without any ads _ 
 works perfectly as advertised. slightly sluggish, but tolerable. needs a theme selection as i dislike the wood theme. make material_holo themes, boost speed a bit, then 5 stars. 
 i ad always liked this app _ 
 attractive interface, good functionality. a free app that doesn't shove ads in your face 
 i hate the ads_ i don't want my 3 year old playing and suddenly an ad that takes up the entire screen pops up. what kind of kids game is that_ 
 i couldn't even review the 4 games available without a pop up ad every time i made a move. would never let a child have my phone with this on it. i'd end up with a large app bill. 
 not cool how advertisements come up in the middle of a kid game. _ uninstalling now 
 too many ads 
 while the content is decent enough, i cannot leave my child alone with this app because the pop_up ads take her to download screens. 
 they love this game_ a decent variety of fun games that help them learn as their playing_ haven't had any issues yet, and no ads is definitely a plus_ highly recommended_ 
 i always play the games before letting my kids. the very first ad to pop up _after about 1.5 min_ asked if i'm addicted to opiates_ really_ on a kids game_ 
 the match up can confuse kids.  the popup for the war game ad isn't something i would want the kids to see. 
 the matching game was not well executed. but the worst part is the ads that pop up in this game. i have a 3 year old playing, and the ads are wildly inappropriate. 
 this is fun but.... ads too quick to pop. for in apps purchase, this is not right. please choose your type_ be freemium or in apps_ or unlock more stages. 
 my son's very upset. dont download...and the popup ads take him away from the game cause he doesnt know to press x so i cant leave him alone for even a minute without him asking what happened to his game 
 good game however it gives you a little bit of games free. the ad's interrupt my two year old constantly and you have to pay for the rest. 
 the maze in particular is not for the age group advertised.  more motor skills are needed for it. 
 an ad takes up whole page with small x in upper corner to get out. child re_directed to purchase something constantly. thankfully  we need password to purchases each time 
 uninstalled.  the child is regularly interrupted by ads which are not age appropriate and disorienting.  i am using free edition _ and i know the argument will be _no ads in paid version_ _ but my criticism is that the app developer has terrible judgement about what is appropriate for children.  in a free edition, i fully expect to have limited functionality _ but i also fully expect that the experience my child has with the app is wholly appropriate for their age and their ability to comprehend the interface.  with the continual disruption by ads, my child was not able to comprehend the game _therefore i couldn't gauge whether my child would enjoy it_ and my child is exposed to images or material that is disorienting and inappropriate. 
 ads and popups. terrible for kids 
 too many ads that are not appropriate for my 3 yr old. 
 full screen pop up ads right after starting app, and requests for in app payments on the main game selection screen. this is not suitable for children. 
 too much ads. confused my kid and me 
 it advertises 12 games in 1, and then charges you 5.00 for each one.  ummm, nope.  i can get aaa titles for less than that. 
 way too many pop up ads 
 ads pop up almost instantly and are excessive. horrible app, even for the four games which are unlocked for free. 
 my 5 year old loves this app, well the free part of it, i'd give it 5 but its advertised as a free app with 12 games when reality is you need to purchase most 
 too many ads 
 i had uninstalled my existing running_cycling app in the hopes that endomondo would offer a better analytics and user experience. but as it turns out even after subscribing for a monthly premium service i was still getting ads and the other features like training plan were unavailable. i deleted the app and re installed to find the same issue. i even contacted to the support to no avail. should have stuck to my previous app. 
 i know i do not have a virus and the ad is a scam, but others may not. are you guys ignorant or just don't care_ fix it by tomorrow night or me and my group _over 20 runners_ will all delete. unacceptable, the ad has been up for over a week. i gave you the benefit of the doubt and your app is very good. i'll give 5 stars if fixed 
 disliked this app soo much, it was stopping al the time in the middle of run, lots of ads, and no logic in this app, would not advice 
 the decision to discontinue the pro version, irked me _ obviously continuous ads pay better than the measly _5 i paid, but to completely stop the functionality of a program i'd already bought felt harsh.  the ads in the new version pop up even when the program isn't actively running, which is just terrible_ 
 i paid for endomondo pro version but am now forced to use this subscription model and have this annoying ad on the app. how do i get rid of this_ i keep hitting it at the bottom on accident and opening the subscription information screens, 
 i used to use an iphone app that kept all data on the phone and provided, graphs, statistics, tracking, gps, etc, for a small one time cost and no ads.  there was no need to log into any web site, give up personal info, or worry about website hacking. this app wants to drain cash from your pocket monthly and provides nothing more of value.  i end up bringing an old iphone 3gs on workouts since new software wants to try to monetize all your personal efforts and private information and uses almost none of the capabilities of today's powerful smartphones.  no web site is required to graph, provide statistics, and track workouts.  putting your personal info on a web site provides no additional value but is a privacy nightmare.  my android phone has all the capabilities i need and no personal info should ever leave it to get abused on some website.  and i don't need to _share_ every time i scratch.  how about a version of the app that transmits no data and provides all graphs, statistics, tracking on the phone only. 
 now you suddenly cranked up the ad spam including full screen splash ads. time to export data and find something else. very bad move. 
 ....... but stop with the frigging upgrade adverts_ in the next update, put in a selection box with the options  _a_ would you like to upgrade to stop seeing adverts and chances to upgrade_ or _b_ would you like to just use the version you have, free of charge and never see an upgrade advert again_ i'll be choosing be because it's a great app and it does exactly what i want it to do, record the amount of miles, time and supposedly calories i've burnt in the month and tells me in the email i get monthly. 
 full of ads.uninstalled the app 
 update_ still unable to use pro features after following publishers instructions. uninstalled.                                ..................................................................logged into my pro app and was told needed to download the free. logged in to the free version and can't get rid of the ads. 
 i, like other victims of endomondo's pro version, have been 'forced' into this ad_supported, online_only version of endomondo.  the pro app is no longer being developed_supported, and the features that we paid for have been rendered moot as the pro version no longer allows you to access any features.  once opened, it only displays an 'upgrade' screen to this terrible revision of the app.  so long, endomondo_                        _edit_response_ i have tried using my pro credentials in the 'running _ walking', it did not work. after login to the 'running _ walking' app _as access to the the 18mb pro app is barred_ all ads are still there. i'm guessing my account was deleted_modified or the app is buggy. as there are a bunch of comments like mine, i'm guessing the problem is on endomondo's side, not ours. could you please look into why my_our accounts are not working_ someone over there should be able to review whether or not we've purchased the pro app and update our records..._ 
 i bought the pro version. doesn't seem to be active anymore in subscription status. did endomondo remove the features i already paid for or am i still ad free_ 
 updated in response to developer's response_  i was logged in. that's not the issue. i now find many features that require a premium subscription. i don't want a premium subscription, _so i don't want to see features i am unable to access_. as far as i'm concerned, that's advertising. when you changed your model, you shortchanged everyone who supported you early on. the pro app should have been left intact. fail.  original_  i pay for apps so i don't have to deal with ads. now the program is nothing but a series of ads. you got my money once, but you'll never get another dime, and i'll recommend you to no one. uninstalled. 
 updated in response to developer's response_  i was logged in. that's not the issue. i now find many features that require a premium subscription. i don't want a premium subscription, _so i don't want to see features i am unable to access_. as far as i'm concerned, that's advertising. when you changed your model, you shortchanged everyone who supported you early on. the pro app should have been left intact. fail.  original_  i pay for apps so i don't have to deal with ads. now the program is nothing but a series of ads. you got my money once, but you'll never get another dime, and i'll recommend you to no one. uninstalled. 
 i purchased the pro version so i wouldn't have to deal with the ads. now the pro version is no longer supported so have to go with free version which has ads. for only 6 bucks a month i could get the premium version without ads. not going to happen. 
 i have already bought the pro version but now the app can't be used any more... the free app have a lot of ad...pls refund my money or enable again the old pro version... i don't want ad in my app... 
 this app spams third_party ads via notifications. uninstalled_ 
 after almost two years i decided to start using this app again. i saw that the _pro_ version that i had purchased will be discontinued to allow the new monthly_yearly subscription. fair enough. but at very least remove the ads for people who purchased the the pro version. 
 started displaying full screen adverts after each workout. 
 i dont like to wake up to annoying ads.. uninstalled 
 i purchased the pro version and now, i will need to pay again_ serious_ _edited_ but still, there are ads and what are the pro features that you guys mentioned_ 
 this app is helpful and quite accurate but ads in app and on website make both so ugly. 
 love the functionality, but..... since you started ramming video ads at the end of my workout, bursting in on my music... well... it's beyond obnoxious and unnecessary. just stop it. 
 i've been using this app since the early days of android _2010_ and it's steadily got better.  running, riding, excellent, i've used it on everything from snowboarding to kayak excursions.  one wishlist item_  i really like pebble support, but i'd like it if it could launch a workout right from the watch as can be done on android wear.  i previously posted a bad review because it appeared that it wasn't possible to make a one_time purchase to remove ads but it is _ the ui for that just appears grayed out as if you cannot access it.  happy to give endomondo 5 bucks for all the use i've had of their app and website. 
 what's with all the ads now_ 
 keeps advertising that i should get premium when i already paid for pro. why would i pay for something when it will be replaced for something else whenever they feel like it.  this is your future if you buy. 
 i've been using this for a little while, and was reasonably happy with it.  i didn't pay for the prime subscription, but i can live with an occasional ad, i thought.  then, today, i went for a long walk at lunch.  after i got back to the office and stopped the _workout,_ the app loaded an ad for comedy central that had house music and people shouting, and this was coming from my phone.  i don't mind print ads, but they shouldn't start making noise in the middle of things.  if this happens again, this app won't be on my phone any more. 
 after years of using and loving endomondo, i finally can't take it anymore. every new update comes with more ads and less functionality behind a monthly rate paywall. it's really hard to access on my armband when a full screen ad or reminder to go premium pops up. the gps functionality also seems to be suffering and my phone pops in and out often, all the while endomondo removed the ability to fix routes unless it has gps integrity....why else would i need to fix my routes_ 
 i did have full version and somehow lost it when i had to reinstall it through no fault of my own. now i have the annoying ads and requests to upgrade. in the usa it's  _2.50 a month but in rip off britain it's  _4.50 a month. i'll keep the free edition. 
 so the update was for ad's_  thanks_ 
 i use the free version as i just want it to track my speed and distance while walking or cycling, but i like the altitude recorder and calorie counter. seems extremely accurate using my phone's gps. consistent and maps my route without any problems. ads are dated and worn out, like claiming handset is infected with a _virus_ _ please credit the user with some intelligence. 
 i've been using endomondo for a while and i generally liked it. now i've installed it to my familly and saw there is no way to remove ads. i'we paid for my pro version years ago, but this is a dealbraker since i cannot pay it for my family. i'm switching all of us to runkeeper. 
 users have been requesting audible or visual heart rate zones for a couple of years on the endo forum, and instead of adding a simple feature which has been on heart rate monitors for a decade, endomondo chooses to push goofy contests, hidden advertisements and ways to self pat users on the back by sharing exploits on social media. slow clap.  great interval trainer, music control and app layout_integration, but having to constantly unlock your phone to check heart rate is inexplicable for a fitness app. 
 why does anyone think i want to see notification ads to _refer my friends_ i will not refer my friends but i will tell them all to avoid endomondo and the annoying notifications.  if an app starts popping up notification ads, i will uninstall that app.  there are other apps which do a similar task and do not waste my time with notification ads 
 i purchased the pro version of this app and this company removed features at a later date in an effort to make me pay again.  now what was a fully registered and paid app with no advertisements has features stripped out and advertisements patched in.  this company is run by liars that you can't trust with your money.  staff will reply to all reviews with what amounts to bullshit trying to justify screwing over customers.  i'm updating this review as they just notified me they are removing even more features 
 however, to get the best, you have to pay, which is absurd. we should not have to pay to get quality fitness _ non_intrusive advertising should be used instead. 
 paid for it. now has ads. have switched. 
 totally frustrated_ i guess i haven't used it like i should have so i didn't know about the changes.  i realize that buying the pro app i now unlock all those fantastic features on the free app but i bought the pro _spent my money on your product_ mainly to be without the obnoxious ads on the bottom. uninstalling_ 
 works as advertised sometimes. stops 25 minutes into hour workout 3 times in the last week. suspect this is to do with recent updates. 
 2 star _ keeps scrolling ads. the calorie estimate should use local weather to provide a more accurate estimate. biking _ walking  in 110_ f heat isn't the same as doing in in the 70_ temp range_ otherwise, nice app. i don't need bells and whistles, we walk or bike and want to see how far we go in what amount of time. 
 one of the few apps i've bought. don't think i ever made a account password back when i bought pro but asks for one to be able to access the app now_ maybe i forgot making one_ so put in, _forgot password_ but get no email back. they keep asking for me to try it again through email so they have me on record. don't want to sign up again in case i get the ad version. paid for no adverts and some extras already. 
 one of the few apps i've bought. don't think i ever made a account password back when i bought pro but asks for one to be able to access the app now_ maybe i forgot making one_ so put in, _forgot password_ but get no email back. they keep asking for me to try it again through email so they have me on record. don't want to sign up again in case i get the ad version. paid for no adverts and some extras already. 
 an app that charges for _low battery mode_ as a premium feature is outrageous..  also doesnt make sense forcing users that use the heart rate zoning to subcribe to a monthly payment... make it a one off like you did for the ads removal_     says alot about company values_ like  hotels that charge for wifi.. shame on you_ include hr zoning with a one off payment, and whatever low battery consumption is, make it as default...and you'll have me at hello_ _ 
 i bought the premium version of the app before it went to monthly subscription, so i'm a bit annoyed about that _ed_ sounds like i can stilll access them_. mostly, i get frustrated every so many months by failures _user_otherwise_ to track my rides and uninstall this app. it just fails too much and it's unreliability is why i drop it. the web interface is stuck in 2011 and hasn't been updated with anything other than ads. interface is helpless when it comes to editing a ride or adding a buddy to the ride so they can keep track. 
 i've been using the app since i bought the old pro version, but pushing ads as notifications is a big no no. at least wait until i have the app open before showing the promo_ not nice to interrupt people for that. 
 i'm sure i speak for more than just myself, when i say i'm a tad annoyed that the pro version i paid for, has now been replaced with a free version. if this free version becomes full of ads and another paid for version is released i'll be expecting a free transfer. 
 i finally had a working offline dictionary.  i am not sure about the quantity of the contents is sufficient as other dictionarhe's are offering much more entries. but daily used is okay for me.  ads free. 
 this app is very useful and there is no ad in this app 
 nice dictionary, no need for internet connection. this is an ad free app with voice pronunciation. get it and u won't waste ur credit 
 there's no better android dictionary than this. it's free, with no ads, with a clean and simple layout. the audio pronunciation and offline availability makes it a must have. 
 does just what it says brod verity of definitions and no ads 
 very clean, simple, intuitive, no ads. 
 i absolutely love this dictionary_ no ads, no permissions, no wifi. give it a whirl_ 
 saw the ad on facebook and now it's an app on my phone.. while many people are jobless, its amazing that there were lots of ideas listed here that can create jobs even at home, even no budget, just knowledge and skills and determination, anyone can succeed_ nice job for this app_ _ 
 i have been using this app for several years. does exactly what i need it to do. it's straightforward without any silly chunky graphics. just perfect _  as for supporting the developer by going to the paid version, i think he would get a greater income sticking with the free one. after all, he will get a constant income from advertisers, with the paid version he would get a one_off payment. the advert bar is unobtrusive and this developer is worthy of a constant income as he is quick to reply to queries. 
 good idea and functions. need to improve customer experience. graphic is not so good. when i open itseldt it shows ad to money manager app. then i stopped it and moved to that app. 
 i highly recommend this app for those who are looking for a simple, easy to navigate, idiot friendly yet comprehensive app that has all the basic financial mgt info you need. this is a free app so expect for a pop up ads but ads are not as annoying compared to ads from other app. 
 from second i tried it....flashing adverts_ byebye. 
 well made, intuitive interface, a lot of functions and loads of customizations. it supports also device sync and quick add. great job_ the free version is just like the pro version just with ads. and the ads ar not at all intrusive, you barely notice them. 
 ads. uninstall 
 i already bought the pro edition. but why the ads still coming_ 
 tried a couple others. i really like some of the features this app provides. it'd fast and doesn't bog down like other apps after a month or two of input. and it's not riddled with ads and the ones there aren't obtrusive like other apps.  btw, the transaction time feature was a nice add.  _ thanks and hats off to the dev team for sharing this app with us. 
 it's simple, editable, ads don't distrub. only thing is expenses shown are year wise.  if there is an option of total expenses till date it would be good. 
 where is the export_import option_ it is shown on the image advertising the app but i cannot find it in the free version. the app states that the free and pro versions have the same functions, so does this mean the feature is no longer available or am i looking in the wrong place_ 
 1._ always advertisement... makes too difficult to use application. 2._ auto login if password is correct _ give this functionality. 
 its sending informations to ads and dailer tones. privacy theft app. dont use 
 covers everything i would ever want to do and more. pdf receipts would be a bonus rather than just images but that's minor. took about an hour to get it all configured but it was time well spent. the pro version is worth every penny to get rid of the occasional ads the free version has but that's the only difference between them. great work. 
 if you want your idea to be used by other people, don't restrict yourself to android only. build an ios and windows 10 app version.  the more users you have the better especially if you are profiting from ads. 
 this is the most comprehensive personal finance manager there is. loaded with all the features you can think of, and the best part is, the only difference between the free version _this one_ and the paid version is that the free version contains a very non_intrusive ad at the bottom of the screen which is highly negligible. highly recommended for practicality. there is still room for improvement on the interface compared to others but it works for me. 
 give accurate balance. the update for ads is too annoying would have given 5 _ 
 if youre gonna have ads, be responsible enough not to let spammers in your apps. uninstalling... 
 this application does exactly as advertised and is super easy to use... best part it's its free for one user _no catch_ 
 got hooked on this app. _was_ fabulous for mileage tracking, restaurant receipts, etc. last few updates _ crashing, force closes and ... won't smartscan receipts after multiple attempts. months of problems. despise quickbooks  app for this tracking, but no choice but to switch. holding out hope expensify fixes, but costing me _ when it doesn't work _as advertised_. samsung note 4. please fix. 
 works just as advertised. this is a great asset to any business owner. 
 hi, the bank that i use has the money to air prime time ads during peak viewer time and to place billboards on the highway all over the sf bay area, but it's apparently not good enough to be used in your system, due to fully permanent _issues with the bank at this time_. i wish i could give you negative stars. 
 i implemented expensify as our corporate expense reporting tool and i have all users install this app as part of their onboarding.  it performs as advertised with no user complaints.  the smartscan feature is particularly effective and convenient.  it has a low learning curve thanks to an uncluttered and very well laid out interface.  improvements i'd like to see is the ability to logon using your google account _like expensify has with their web interface_ and a confirmation dialogue box when clicking sign out.  the sign out button can be easily touched when leaving the settings page using the on_screen back button which is a pain because you can't sign right back_in by picking a google account to use. 
 they advertise niv but that's not what you get. then you turn your back and leave the app and and it starts downloading multiples of files on it's own. if your on a limited date plan they could take a big chunk right there wi t hot your permission. triple scam. deleted 
 this bible does not offer all that was promised my panes does no scroll together,  i cannot clear the recnt column  and only one bible_ this works out far more expensive than other advertised bibles. i'm disappointed. 
 not as good as advertised 
 buttons dont work and it had too many ads at first. where was the bible_ 
 just an advertisement to buy their products. better to have been more honest about what was really free. 
 never stops sending email advertisements_ 
 so the advert i read claimed there were 4 or 5 translations available for free. i installed it only to find out only one was. why lie_  also,  want cool how it just ided my location without asking if i wanted it to _i know it has permission but still,  must apps ask if your want location used_ uninstalled,  i'll such with better bible software_  _rev j 
 fantastic resource to have in church with you. one irritation is the advert for bible translations which i don't want at the top of the page when the app opens. that being the biggest issue probably says how great this app is though. thank you faithlife_ 
 as advertised 
 better without ads 
 easy and great without ads,  but need better icons or customize icons 
 it  does what it advertises _ 
 best of all no ads... does its job... 
 brilliant fast file manager from asus works on menu icon system _so is idiot proof_  has network and cloud access_  no adverts no bloatware no nag screens menu can be customized by user. it's better than most packaged managers..... wish it had pure root access for advanced users perhaps a future update may_ 
 would be helpful if their was a settings tab, password protect feature, and customizable themes. apart from that i really liked it. it's clean, easy to use, no ads, has a good looking ui. 
 it was only a matter of time i guess but asus decided to fill their apps with ads for other apps. and to make matters worse there isn't even a premium ad_free version. avoid this 
 i dont usually post reviews, by why in the hell would you advertise cleaner master_ it's a useless battery hogging app that is there to collect money from ads. please do remove it. don't force it up the users throat. 
 i dont usually post reviews, by why in the hell would you advertise cleaner master_ it's a useless battery hogging app that is there to collect money from ads. please do remove it. don't force it up the users throat. 
 are you serious asus_ why are you forcing us to use this 'clean master' app_ it is an app that i hate the most and its only because of their intrusive advertisement in their file manager to use clean master that i moved away from their file manager _ came to yours_ if you want money, then please make a paid version. we all will support you_ please don't resort to such substandard measures_ you app was really cool _ the best but, this update ruined it_ please remove this clean master recommendation_ 
 its a bad idea to put an ads inside this app.., and i had wrote a review, but you deleted, shame on you 
 why ad for clean master_ 
 please remove _clear junk_ button. it's so weird that you advertise for a third party app in your official app 
 does the task of being a file manager really well. simple, ad free and neat. 
 super cool app with no ads 
 did not buy your products for ads 
 very clear and user friendly. powerful without confusion. no ads yet_ 
 adding ads for other cleaning tools. you too_ ok, getting rid of this as well. 
 super . simple . no ads . thank you for the sweet donation of this app . 
 nice interface, simple, fast app, no ads, just file manager 
 gui is very good and the best thing is no ads. 
 the best out there in the play store. i have an asus phone and a nexus. i use this in both phones. transferring to pc is excellent. but don't advertise clean master. please. stick to what it is for 
 why u shown clean master adverti in new version this is bed idea 
 simple to use, no ads, and fast 
 thanks to es explorer's recent crapware updates. ads, useless forced features, bogus reviews...  i found this great file manager.  only wish it had more options for folder views, but maybe i haven't looked good enough yet.  still 5 stars though_ 
 wihtout ads 5 stars 
 less ads would be nice 
 tried plugging phone into computer and cut and paste.....didn't work. this app moved all music and videos to sd card and help organized all other files. my antivirus software cant even find some of the useless files. no ads and it does work like promised.... when was the last time that happned 
 have used it for a very long time and have no problems with that. ads free, what's most important for me. 
 best file manager without ads 
 love this as ads and bloat free 
 works just as advertised. 
 works as advertised 
 it's nice, but i'm deleting it because i dislike ads. wish i could pay a dollar to remove the ads permanently. 
 i'll happily throw a buck or two to the developers _maybe i did way back when. i bought_dl'ed this app a while ago _ don't remember if it was free or paid_ sorry_ for the option to kill_eliminate the ad rotator on the bottom. i use the s6 edge _ often accidentally hit the ad when trying to adjust the torch, even turning on_off. it's 5 stars without ads for sure. as is its certainly 4.5 but 99 cents is a bargain imho to rid them _even though 5.1's built in cc flashlight,  this one is supreme_ minus the ads_ 
 had this app for the last two phones think it works well no issues yet set for adverts 
 has a nice camera feature that shows the background behind on the screen_ that's impressive and should really be advertised along with the clock feature_ _  advertisements are at the bottom and are subtle_ the sound effects are hearable, but are not loud and that's very enjoyable. all around a very impressive app_ 
 remove the ads when net is online. then 5 star x2 rate i will give. quality not quantity 
 this is great but why the ads can they be removed_ 
 works as advertised with just enough features. one of my top 10 most used apps. i use it literally every day. 
 love the features. hate the advertisements but they are not in my way _ its free 
 easy to use, simple app..  but must remove advertising in app for more stars 
 only wish is for a paid version without ads 
 it's ok for free would be better if i could shut off the ads 
 works as advertised 
 the only one with combined, torch, clock, and camera. really help to find anything 'under', under the table or under the sofa. can you issue the 'full version' or 'pro' thus i can not be bothered with 'the ads'_ it took a reasonable space, but still somehow it is bothering meee 
 after installing this app, up pops _lion, game of war_, which won't close and freezes my _report_ok_close_ options every time_ it's the same darn ad each _ every time, and i don't game, so the ad means nothing to me and it just won't stop. it's infected my phone and pops up everywhere_at phone boot up, during text messages, in my gallery and when opening my phone. suddenly my phone is overheating, and then my home _ wallpaper were removed, turning my theme to a blue color. i am truly tired of this ad crap. 
 doesn't drain my battery or lag with ads _i would love it more if there is a paid version_ lg g3_ 
 the camera mode is awesome and the ads aren't annoying 
 can you please in able torch to work while desplay_ screen is off_ when you switch off the phone the torch switches off_ if you want to use the torch for a long time the screen will chew power_ and adverts don't help torch switches off when you accidentally touch the ads_ 
 light works ad it should 
 if there was a paid version i would purchase it just to get rid of the advertising i love this flashlight 
 using it in my job the other day i kept on touching the adverts which then changed screen and i lost my torch. i'd rather pay a little to remove adverts to be honest. other than that it's a good little app. 
 it turns your phone's led light on and off with the tap of a button, and stays on till you turn it off,  unlike other flashlight apps i've used that time out after a minute or so.  sans ads are minimally intrusive. 
 love the app ad free and never has any crashes and the camera feature is great 
 i work as a handyman.  i use the camera option to see around or under things. _gt_gt_iftheyadd ads im out 
 it has the ability to change color for the led if your phone supports it i guess, otherwise its a great app with minimal ads. 
 good but ads very annoying 
 small fast simple screen light works w os 2.2.  big clock _w light off_ bat meter adjust brightness color default blue 665k.  saw no ads.  mytouch 3g. 
 i teally like that you have a clock as well as a flashlight _ so far no ads, so far. 
 ads every 30 seconds while light is on 
 the good, it dims the screen when the light is on. the not so good, it's slow to turn on and has ads. 
 light turns on when starting app, should be off when first starting, annoying , really annoying advertisements 
 if you have a wifi only device, this is ok. for the rest, it has no way to limit updates to wifi_only so it runs up large data _bills_ even when not in use_ support claims these data dumps are for ads and paying for the pro version is the _solution._ 
 no calendar for easily browsing archives, and filled with annoying ads. 
 superslow when it even bothers to load and display. the ads, however, seem to have no issues whatsoever. 
 the app just consumed 500mb of data on my phone in background in one day. i don't know what the hell it was doing. this is over and above the sad navigation and weird advertisements that keep coming up in the app. 
 advertising filled and requires membership. in short, not recommend. 
 using samsung galaxy 4, android4.2_4.4. i loved this app. it got me thru many boring meetings. the occasional ad was ok. but a few months ago the ads took over. if i refresh the page over and over and over, back out, re_enter, and waste minutes dancing around, it might show me another 4_5 comics, but probably not. i've given up, using the site on a pc works better. 
 the stupid heading at the top and ads on the bottom make the actual viewing area just a small narrow area in the middle.  not really usable on a small display like a phone.  plus, some comics such as spider_man and current dilbert strips are missing. 
 i would give 5, were there a way to disable the terribly annoying advertisement. the ad banner takes a lot of space and the comic strip shrinks, so it can't be read without zoom. until thus it's fixed, the app it's nearly unusable. 
 i would give 5, were there a way to disable the terribly annoying advertisement. the ad banner takes a lot of space and the comic strip shrinks, so it can't be read without zoom. until thus it's fixed, the app it's nearly unusable. 
 i used to love this service, but recently they started showing mostly naked women in their ad choices which is not something i want to see when i am reading garfield. when i complained they were rude and said i needed to pay if i didn't want to see it. i don't mind the ads just the women strapped in leather. since i complained now that is the only ad it shows me. disgusting. 
 updated_  the developer fixed it so i can move the app to usb storage_  thank you_  also, i don't have a problem with the ads.  they are unintrusive, and they allow us to install the app for free.  original review_ so much smoother than using the web browser on my phone_  unfortunately i have to remove 1 star because you cannot transfer to usb storage.  still a great app_ 
 i enjoy the content this app has. a lot of good comics to choose from although i really wish zits was available. i also really wish i could tap the comic to view it in fullscreen, rather than having to zoom in to read it. i don't necessarily take issue with the ads, but they take up space and thus fullscreen mode is a must. 
 the ads in this app are so annoying, it is unusable. display of comics is awkward to make readable. i uninstalled after trying it for several days. flashing ads should be banned by all reputable developers. 
 i would give the app 5 stars except some ads automatically send you to the play store without clicking on anything. i don't mind ads but these go way too far. 
 get rid of these worthless self opening ads. effing annoying having to close ads for every comic 
 i can't even finish reading a comic before the app thinks i've clicked the ad, even if i'm not touching the screen. 
 works fine on my m8. ads are annoying though. 
 i enjoy having my comics at my fingertips, but i wish i could rearrange them through the app. this can only be done through the website at present. also have noticed recently, since the last update, that ads will now open themselves, bringing up web pages and google play store. not happy about that at all. 
 the 'ads' now actually directly push you to the play store whether you click on it or not. this is borderline malware behavior. 
 at least once a use it launches an ad by itself. if there was any other alternative i could find i would use it. 
 breaks often cannot load comics. slow to load comics. but the ads always work. 
 the ads ruin this app for me. i'd be happy to pay for it, but it doesn't seem like that's an option. 
 sometimes some of the features work. comics jump around as ads load. it's hard to resize back to normal without also flipping to either the next out previous comic. becomes unresponsive for a terribly long time if the comic doesn't load promptly. 
 works pretty well when i'm on wifi, but once you move to a slow 2g connection, it only downloads the ads, not the cartoon strips. the connection always times out. sad, because it is a good app otherwise. 
 i understand the need for ads but way too much screen real estate is taken up with the menu and comic title. i also don't like the non_standard use of the back key. 
 doesn't adjust size well for orientation. ads annoying. opens to main rather than customised page. 
 i dont think it matters what platform. the adverts got in the way to rate this compared to others. too bad. it had such promise. 
 i'd be happy to pay you to lose the ads. that's my one suggestion for improvement.   any chance that gary larson would let you have far side_  edit _ dev replied almost immediately_ excellent service. love pro on the web site_  look forward to pro integration with app. any chance of a windows 8 app_  up from four to five stars. keep it up_ 
 as noted by others, i'd be happy to pay for a 'pro' version of this app to lose the ads. 
 cool app, a nice interface.  but...  there's no portrait support for tablets, it seems.  it'd be nice to either have a tablet version _haven't seen one yet, but if i missed it, sorry_, or else offer portrait support.  i've seen others comment about the ads.  hey, ya gotta pay the bills, i get that, but may i suggest a _pro_ version or key_  a buck to remove the ads_ 
 good mobile version of the site. shows my account and comics. ads are distracting and move the comics around during reading. no widget. 
 too many ads. 
 obnoxiously placed ad makes this app unpleasant to use. 
 nice, but interface needs work and for crying out loud, let there be a paid option where ads can be removed. i know it was just added today, but c'mon. the _no ads_ option should have been ready to be made available when it was placed on the market. 
 nice app but ads on every screen. 
 no ads 
 i just wish it didn't have ads. 
 user unfriendly ad infinitum. 
 useful concept, but app is dead slow _ it's a data guzzler. lot of bugs, random app crashes. step motherly treatment to android app. ios app is cool _ crazy fast. too much ads _ links for amazon. needs a lot of bug fixes _ total overhaul. 
 on their own web they shows read free pdf books,then asks to download this app.but westing so much time we acknowledged that this app is only for recommendations and advertisement.so this is useless app. 
 best place to know what you re ad and what is latest. 
 please do something like microsoft account authenticator. so much easier and more convenient to use with actionable request notifications. even is android wear compatible. and why still no material design_ look at those gingerbread screenshots you're advertising_ for shame_ otherwise it still works i guess, but could be way better. 
 works as advertised, would like an android wear interface though, it would make the app even more usefu_ 
 as advertised 
 needs more features. needs to have food tracking, imagine all the advertising for healthy food google could do if they made a full app. i think it's your responsibility google. 
 works as advertised 
 nice at first, can't remove an activity once entered.  automatically changes values.  have to keep an eye as it changes your logs ads removes 15 miles to biking. 
 love this app. have tried almost every other similar app i can find and like this the best. no ads quick and responsive covers every fitness exercise you could wish for. maps and distance are accurate as i have checked against a garmin cycle  sat nav. free and as free what's not to like except can't find a way to lost to social media like other apps do. 
 simple and easy.  i've used other trackers.  they start off like this one _easy and simple_ but with updates and popularity they get bogged down with ads or eventual subscriptions 
 if they could just ad or display steps on notification bar and lock screen 
 gui ok, nice without ads too, but counting has a problem_ sometimes, i count by myself while walking, i reach 100 steps while it displays new incremental around 80 steps, and sometimes i walk 90 steps but it displays with more than 100 steps done. strange_ 
 it helps you to organized and advertise your business . 
 i have been doing the google buisness over a year and have never gotten one response. if you have a buisness i recommend you advertise on craigslist i get a lot of work off of craigslist. 
 bug_ when you click manage ads _under adwords express section_ it opens the adwords express app, but then trys to create a new add, as opposed to seeing the details of the existing ad. then it crashes. loading the adwords express app on its own is fine. 
 this application is very helpful my soap advertising and very up my business thanks for _google_ app_ my business_ 
 when i try to manage my business pages in the browser, it pops the _mobilepromo_ ad which refuses to let me continue using the browser and tells me i have to download this app _even though i have already downloaded this app_. and when i open this app, there is no option to manage my pages. so thanks for locking me out of my google plus pages completely on android for no good reason. oh, and thanks for forcing me to use four separate apps to not manage one account. 
 this is an app that sells me books and has the audacity to still have an occasional advertisement. get your books elsewhere. 
 total failure. give up and leave the e book market to amazon. and let android be bloatware free for once. you dishonour the gnu licence and linux as a whole. i think apache made you enough cash with your ads. let the os at least be nice. 
 love reading _ this makes it so much easier as my hands have arthritis so carry books can be difficult. loose a star because its bloatware...hate bloatware. could be an awesome app but we pay hundreds for larger memory capacities in our phones only to have crap forced on them_ false advertising is immoral_ 
 good book reading app , without ad's. 
 ran into an issue where the listed price was 3x lower than the price when i went to buy. a google rep told me that publishers have to manually update the listed prices, so they can be different for as much as 6 hours. this is totally unprofessional for a company as big as google, and i would guess it's illegal too_ they're advertising the price one way but charging a different price. i had them refund the cost and went on amazon to purchase, where they had it for the advertised price. 
 no complaints here, features are fine, app works as advertised. 
 do you have to make my welcome screen so clumst with all the advertisements of books i dont want_ 
 this app replaced songza. there are more playlists to choose from. now the playlists are interrupted by ads you can't fast forward. why subscribe for something that was free_ also, frequent playback issues stop songs mid_track. 
 get these new trashy radio adverts off the app.  w.t.f. are you doing_ the last thing i want to see is an ad for herp derp justin b on an app i use. tossers. the app still plays music, but you may have to look at some ones ugly face. 
 get these new trashy radio adverts off the app.  w.t.f. are you doing_ the last thing i want to see is an ad for herp derp justin b on an app i use. tossers. the app still plays music, but you may have to look at some ones ugly face. 
 decent structure but filled with annoying ads everywhere 
 advertising on a phone i paid for_ 
 i've generally stayed away from google play music, since i was an early adapter of pandora _back before it went to ads_... and then to songza.  when the latter of those two apps was bought by google, i wondered how long it would take for the larger corporate entity to take what was an enjoyable experience and squander it for money. at the end of january, 2016, i finally got my answer. songza was no more, and i was moved over to google play music... and it's been as atrocious as i thought it would be. ads before playlists begin, ads every few songs... a layout that's colourful and pretty to look at, but not exactly smooth or convenient to navigate through_ too much searching through multiple menus just to get to my saved playlists. plus, some of my songza playlists were completely removed, despite the _it's totally the same, guys_ promise from google. biggest deal breaker_ this app eats up data like nothing i've ever seen. on a couple recent road_trips, i've seen it plow through over half a gb of data in just 2 hours. unacceptable. my other music apps haven't used that much data in multiple times that amount of use. back to pandora, i guess. this app is a ridiculous mess. 
 thanks for telling me, google. i would've never figured that out. what an awesome feature. maybe you could bog down the app with more useless things like ads for radio _artist channels_ that i'll never use, or you tube links that defeat the purpose of an audio player. oh, you have done that_ well, then it's craptastic_ 
 there's virtually one reason why quality _free_ apps don't make it, that's adds. because it's google it only advertises for its own products, but there's no way to say _enough_ so i said, _get that corn outta my face_ and slapped this app to the ground_ 
 i am upset that you took over songza and include ads. you seemed to have transferred their channels seamlessly, but i can't work or study to soft classical music when every 3 songs is loudly and horribly interrupted by commercials whose volumes are significantly louder. it's a huge distraction, and disappointing for the loyal songza fans. perhaps at least songza's channels could remain ad free_ the app otherwise is alright, not the nicest to navigate, and i can't switch users on the desktop pop_out player. 
 i don't need a large youtube logo on top of my album covers. if i want to watch the music video to a song, i can look it up. i feel like this is an advertisement and it irritates me. 
 ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads music ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads 
 this is the worst. thanks google for buying songza and making it terrible. not only am i now inundated with ads every two songs, some of which go on forever, but it constantly crashes and freezes my tablet. songza worked great on its own, google play music is the worst app i've ever used. if i could give it negative stars i would. 
 way too many ads after the new update 
 this app is disappointing if you have the free version it only plays one song then you have to listen to an ad watch a youtube video of the song that you want to hear instead of actually listening to it then it will skip a song that you really want to hear and then play an ad 
 since the transition to google play the playlists are interrupted by audio ads which disrupts the party_workout_relaxing experience.  i stopped using this app altogether. 
 i miss songza _ don't love the new graphics_layout, also it always complains that i never have enough storage...._songza never ever did_. also, the ads are annoying. 
 needs to be option that disables app from autoplaying whenever connecting to bluetooth, as this conflicts with other music apps. i appreciate this app itself but i dislike the fact that it is a means of advertising music. i have my own tastes in music and i don't like being spoonfed content that is not already o  my device. 
 much better than pandora's paid service which still give ads and still limits the amount of skipping per station. this app has zero ads, let's you download music, and even let's you upload your own library. 
 ads are too long. 10 secs should be enough to plug a product 
 they bought songza, which was free and had no ads. turned it into google play music and added ads halfway through songs. the radio playlists play the exact same songs no matter what even if you downvote them. the streaming is extremely inconsistent as well. constantly pauses the songs so they can catch up which was not a problem with songza. way to ruin a good app google. would give 0 stars if i could 
 don't like as much as songza, ads are annoying then they try and make you pay to get rid of him which isn't going to happen. has had connection issues i've never had with songza and this is more frustrating to use generally. songza was made for people to listen to mucic for free, didn't have annoying ads, and was easy to use. not going to find another app as good as songza was and don't like being forced to use google for everything 
 ads come up every 3rd to 5th song when using radio, the part that used to be songza. they are also 30 seconds long audio ads that can't be skipped, the exact reason i stopped using pandora. the songza radio stations aren't even integrated properly. the gui for the the home screen is also a colossal mess, just a jumble of _check out this new song._ 
 why would you even allow your ads to have curse words in them_ don't you want all ages to enjoy google play music_ 
 google play music is ok but some ad more like 
 the screenshots show false advertisement about the availability of the _songza_ _its thursday morning_ feature. that feature is currently only available in 2_3 countries us, uk and canada if i am not mistaken so if you want to try this out do not buy a subscription unless you live in one of those countries. also what is up with the us onpy free radio, cmon your are google bring it to the world. 
 songza was way better due to being ad free. once songza was acquired by google play music, that feature went away. 
 songza was way better due to being ad free. once songza was acquired by google play music, that feature went away. 
 terrible app, bring back songza, interrupts the classical music i fall asleep to with screaming loud ads about pandas 
 switched from spotify to keep everything synced better between all my devices. youtube red just sweetens the deal as advertising is the bane of my existence. 
 i love the app until i had my first ad. you guys are already making money, don't be greedy. if i see one more ad i'm deleting and moving on. 
 great value. huge library of songs. no ads. no skip limits on the radio feature. skip ahead or rewind as you please. keep whole albums. well worth it_ each update it gets better and better.  it could be a little more offline based though. more app and less cloud_internet part, if that makes sense lol 
 have no issues yet, works as advertised. s5 _ gear live 
 please fix. moto 360. still not fixed the notification never goes away             it's been months and still not fixed i'm uninstalling untill its fixed. other people are reporting this problem ad well. 
 one of those apps that fills in an obvious gap in functionality. does exactly as advertised on the swing tag and i'd be happy to buy into premium version if it worked well with my huawei watch.  three stars until the issue is resolved_ the app takes an extremely long time when sampling hr on huawei watch.  other apps _fit, sleep as android_ don't take nearly as long.  if the developer wants to investigate i'd be happy to help with logs, testing, or even code review. 
 just one suggestion for the app is while reading news the news page automatically redirect to  another advertisement page kindly fix that problem otherwise i just love this app.. 
 please remove ads it sucks and older version is better without the ads. 
 great  ad 
 why you advertisrfree_when it's not 
 unless you are going to spend money... don't download_  you are downloading an advert 
 at least, there should be one face that you could install for free. this app is advertised as free, but it is useless if you don't pay to go premium. that's misleading, it may be a great paid app, but it's a extremely poor free app. 
 good watchface, but can't set weather location manually, weather info doesn't update if location services are off, subscription instead of one_time payments, and according to clean master, autostarts secretly when changing networks and when turning on_off wi_fi, consuming traffic and system resources. edit_ flagged by cm security _adware_android.flurry.a_ads.gen_. according to cm security, contains malicious ads_behavior, namely frequently spams pop_up ads and forces user to tap on them. 
 great faces with good info, works as desired_advertised_ 
 watch faces look beautiful and the app ads an amazing amount of useful data in an easy to read format. would love to see wind speed on some of the faces. 
 good weather app,  works fine ad free mode 
 i absolutely loved this app and told everyone with android wear to get it but then all of the sudden today i got a notification ad to get one of their other apps and that is just unacceptable. 
 even after paying for premium this app showed an ad related to snowmen or something, which is very uncool. 
 wow. i can't believe my eyes. i have a yearly subscription and now i'm getting advertisement notifications_ hell to the no_ i will be canceling my subscription before it renews now. 
 got this for the watch faces which are very good. i get notifications on my phone with what's new which are predominately adverts for other apps. i don't appreciate paying for an app to then still have to put up with ads. 
 got this for the watch faces which are very good. i get notifications on my phone with what's new which are predominately adverts for other apps. i don't appreciate paying for an app to then still have to put up with ads. 
 cancelled my subscription after an ad showed up on my phone from this app. absolutely unacceptable from a paid app period. 
 while i like the watch face, i just got woken up by an alert contains an advert for instaweather. if i can't find a way to stop that happening again i'll be uninstalling. 
 too many ads on the trial, ok google covers the time on most faces, on other faces the time is too small and time is the point of having a watch. sony sw3, uninstalled. 
 not only does it provide great info it really looks impressive. works as advertised. a_ 
 works as advertised 
 it's nothing special,  really slow on sony smartwatch 3, really confusing ui. premium is stuck in your face even after you subscribe and instant weather app they give you free is ad sucking junk 
 complicated with no functionality. just advertising the premium _thing_  which i am sure have nothing to offer. 
 it is advertised as it it is free.  even when you open application it tells you that you can buy premium to extend features. in fact without premium you have nothing. 
 very useful app.  only these advertisements have to be moved at the bottom. 
 tremendously helpful_ i can't think of any other app that freely provides such useful features without any ads. it's really easy to use. i love being able to read a verse in multiple translations in the study pane. i look forward to the coming soon features. later on, i'd love to have a button on the top gray bar that links to the books of the bible for faster scripture lookup. if possible, i'd also like to hear audio while i study. much thanks for this amazing app_ 
 definitely the best out there, no ads, no need to save the files in a different place, it is very easy to use it. 
 responsive, intuitive interface, stable, an amazing study tool, not a single ad, no in app purchases, no unnecessary permissions. for free. 
 jehovah's hand is upon all of you who have been working tooth ad nail to prepare this awesome ingredients for us. 
 the best, because it's the official app to trust. no need to worry about ads and there is no charge for this great app so therefore i look forward to donate so this great work along with other bible education work from this source can continue. may god's spirit continue to be with his servants. thank you for your ongoing work of adding more features. 
 i love that this app includes the updated, modern english nwt bible and 4 others in full as well.  kingdom interlinear, byington, american standard and king james. for those folks who have a question about the new world translation, they can do a side by side comparison. any other app claiming to be the nwt is not. jw apps are free and have no advertisements of any kind, and state _like this app_ are from jehovah's witnesses_ period. anything else is an imitation and violation of international write law's. 
 yeah, ads though 
 its easy , i can use a photo as my keyboard _ and no ads 
 this a really good app. there are no ads that i have seen. i really like the different designs that you are able to have for your keyboard. 
 it's  just ads 
 the ads get a bit annoying 
 amazing in every way no ads i just adore it 
 annoying ads though predictive text not working on all keyboards which is annoying. 
 annoying ads though predictive text not working on all keyboards which is annoying. 
 really hood for me as a begginner, easy to use and little or no ads so amazing 
 this application is amazing. it works smoothly and delivers. and everything, ad free. it really delivers what it promises. the devlopers are always very responsive. i have asked them a while ago to implement support for traditional chinese in the survival kit, and they listened_ i love you guys, really brilliant work_ 
 it really gets you into practicing chinese.  so useful and so well executed. no ads getting in the way. 
 i just completed first session and i love it_ if the whole app is free and without ads ... than this is the best app ever_  and everyone need to try it_ big thank you for developers for their hard work_ 
 obviously it's the best application out there and it's totally free and ad free also _lt_3 thanks for this useful app 
 really helpful app .no ads and professional app 
 most apps aren't what they advertise, but this one is great. i'm not even an amateur in manderin but yet i'm finding it easy to use this app and understanding. do yourself a favour and download this app. i'm giving it _5_ stars. 
 i can finally learn mandarin_ this app is making it fun and relatively pain_free. no ads, no bugs, just great learning for all styles and ages. would like to know the real basics like _hello_, _please_, _thank you_ etc but i'm only on basics 2 so i'm hoping that will come. this is an awesome app. it would be great if the devs could do a spanish app too_ 
 started the app twice now, _ i haven't seen any glitches at all. i don't see any advertisements, thanks for that too. the graphics are very catchy looking, the scoring system is addictive. making this a very fun and attractive app that works well. thank you. 
 as soon as i open there was a good minute long annoying full volume ad i could do nothing about. then i clicked category.. again 2 minute ad and then... nothing_ the category was blank_ uninstalled_ 
 although the ads are kind of annoying the videos are worth it _once you get to the video_ _loveit 
 i don't even know what to do on the game. plus there's too much ad's_ 
 not only was the layout of the app itself an eyesore, but it spammed with ads as soon as i opened it, and they were long video ads. i couldn't even click on anything. immediate uninstall. 
 ads keep on popping up before i can even tap anything _gt_ not worth the time p.o.p fix it. 
 sooo many ads and each ad comes right after you tap one thing plus each ad is like 3 min long each. really hard to use with out tapping on an ad on accident. don't waste your time. 
 i can't download it because it takes an hour and more,too much ads,makes my phone in trouble,please fix_ 
 i can't even draw with the app, the ads need to be sorted out cause it is really annoying 
 this is the best app for drawing manga_ im kind of new to this _otaku_ thing _6months_ but this has helped me soooooooooo much_ i haven't got an ad, works perfectly fine, and its hd quality_ so all i got to say is arigatou to the people who made this_ i guess humans aren't so bad after all....xd 
 okay so i find this app extremely stupid. if the app would start and wouldn't keep playing adverts literally every second. just atrocious 
 a lot of advertisements are popping out. 
 i couldn't click on anything without an ad coming up i just quit after a while do not recremend 
 this app is stupid there are too many ads in every time i try to find one to draw an ad pops up and it doesnt let me sketch it says error i'm warning you this at the stupid 
 too many ads 
 when i opened app loadind started, after that advertisement came.._3 time i tried but i failed to open app 
 too many ads 
 it just an app that  shows links to youtube videos with ads. waste of memory space just do a search on youtube 
 welcome to how to draw ads_cuz everyone loves ads _3 
 several times i tried opening it...ads  kept popping up. 
 ads everywhere any move i do ads pops up_._ 
 pure ads 
 it downloaded extremely fast. it works decently... if you don't like the ads, use airplane mode. 
 i loved it my favorite one is the eyes but seriously every time i tap something an ad pops up not that i hat this app or anything 
 if u don't want ads just turn off the damn internet_ love u x3 
 how much ad do this app have 
 horrible way to many ads i would put 0 stars. 
 garbage. i cant even start the application properly because he ads. they come one after another, without any hope to run the app. if u close the ad, another one just pop up right after it. there is no hope. i gave it 1star since i cant start the app and test it. 
 everytime it loads and i select a catagory an ad_ appears. . wth is with that_ i dont mind an ad but when it constantly takes you back to the load screen then we gots somr issues _ please fix it somehow 
 so many ads 
 even if i click on one thing ads everywhere literally non_stop you can't even use the app properly_ not impressed_ make another app when you learn how to actually make one_ _b_ 
 this didn't even work all it did.was pop up ads over and over again 
 but so many ads 
 this app is a joke, there's ads every 5 seconds _i counted_ and after every ad you're sent back to the home page of the app. its entirely unusable, such a piece of trash. 
 it works as advertised.  i actually initiated a call from the app and my phone placed the call.  but you still have to pick up your phone once the call is initiated.  what is the point_ 
 does it breach play store policy to falsely advertise an apps compatibility_ including the phrase _for android wear_ when it clearly only works for 1 single model of watch_ seems incorrect, was also recommended to me by android wear app directly below an image showing that i am paired with lg g watch r_ will be returning 1 month old g watch r for a refund and trying a sony sw3, does not look as nice but will have gps and customer support from manufacturer eg wifi enabled. 
 for the small faults,  a couple glitches,  sometimes a bit unresponsive,  it is great overall.  great selection for free compared to any others and the least problems with the least intrusive ads. 
 its simpy brilliant. its free without ads and popups. wish ppl wud stop moaning and enjoy 
 free, ads arent invasive and plenty of selection 
 i love this app. easy to use. easy to discover new content. you can download the books while on wi_fi to listen offline_ the free version is in no way hindered by the ads it displays. i am strongly considering buying the ad_free version just to support the makers of a solid application that makes available an incredible array of free audio books. i recommend finding those books read by a single volunteer whose voice you enjoy or find tolerable. 
 excellent free app. even ads are unobtrusive_                  _ 
 no pop ups, not much ads, and contents can be downloaded. it is almost perfect except the library is  bit small. 
 super selection of timeless classics sure to please, including otr _old time radio_ broadcasts.  plays in the background, not an overabundance of ads. some of the readers are not the best, but you can usually find more than one version and mark it as a favourite, and download to listen offline. you can also volunteer to be a reader yourself.  overall, a wonderful source for audio books_ 
 easy to search and download books, and play any chapter, with minimal advertising annoyance. 
 this app is great if you have a lot of free data.  it takes about one full minute to start reading.  it also pauses sometimes.  it crashes every time you use it but the loaded chapters continue you just have to restart the app a lot.  this app has a lot to offer for someone with a small budget and a big appetite for classics. i will probably by the ad free version and see if that works better after all it's hard to be critical of something that is free.  i will continue looking for a better read to me app. 
 i was surprised by the amount of free products. the narrator is usually very good too. there are a few bugs. i'm giving this five stars based upon how much you get for free and the ads aren't intrusive. thanks for this_ 
 great way to listen to books. worth the _2 for no ads too. 
 an ever growing selection of forgotten classics on a wide range of subjects, much of which still holds its own today. these texts still offer so much in an age of pop culture, short trends, celebrity. i recommend the chronicles of crime by camden pelham. a series of ripping yarns concerning britain's most notorious villains, thief's, killers, _ pirates _ it alone well worth at least the small advert removal charge. big thanks to the volunteers_ 
 many different titles and you can't beat free..... plus i never hear any advertisements.... and it actually  helped me do some of my college reading at no cost_ 
 this works well, and as advertised. 
 this app works great on my kindle fire. so far i have tried only free books but i am sure the results will be as great with ones i purchase. really nice to have for long drives. the ads are not intrusive imo. thanks to the developers_ 
 some old shows have poor audio and just recently ads have appeared. pay _1 99 to remove ads but sound is still bad. 
 i have used the free app for a while and have now installed the ad free version. 
 on online websites you advertised that we can read your stories offline and you can't 
 i'm forced to read shiver on webtoon, i can't even read other cartoon because i couldn't close the _shiver_ ads 
 the app is forcing me to use chinese even though my phone is set to english. where is the option to change the language of the manhwa to english_  there is no _ option in the _.  your stupid help page is obviously copied from the one for your ios app and even the description for this one is copied from the app store.  this app has no multi language support. i'm flagging you for false advertising. 
 i really like this app. it's free _ there are no annoying ads, and there are a lot of titles to choose from. i don't know why some ppl say it's boring. it's an app where you read free webtoons. what else is it supposed to do_ if you don't like to read or don't like webtoons, then don't download it _ then give it a bad review. that's not fair to the devs _ to the authors _ illustrators who work very hard to try to keep us happy _ entertained. great job devs, authors _ illustrators_ _ 
 imagine a app. an app that provides online comic of every single genre u can imagine, as well without any ads. combine all those characteristics, and webtoon is born. i literally read like.... 300_ chapters and they never fail to please me. keep up the good work naver_ 
 the ad says 'download and read comic offline' but everytime i turn off thd mobile data, the comic can't be access. overall, i like the stories. but how to read those offline _ _ 
 i love that there are no ads or money involved but i wish they had a way where i can see my saved drafts in the app... i want to check my draft for flaws before publishing it so... if they added that it would be nice. 
 this app is the best lol. i'm just wondering how they make any money. there's no ads or purchases. 
 seriously_ on my timeline suddenly there's some ads at very top of it _or news, whatever you called it_. actually i'm a big fan of line and always use it _and frequently recharge coins also_, until now. can you erase this feature please. it's getting ridiculous. or you just can offer us a paid version of this chatting app with no ads 
 to many ads pop up... i like the old one better. 
 why would you put ads on timeline_ line free coin is a scam where it disappears and appears, in which upon disappearing voided eligibility to receive coins from previous installment. complained, ticket closed. 
 please add feature to block unwanted unofficial account shares .. my timeline looks like advertisment page _' 
 new update force us to show the annoying timeline button or call _ please make the option to hide it back like old vers. do you trying bad like facebook bring back the original line. i lost huge amount of data because the official account advertisment annoying notification. just stop using line for android. whatsapp_telegram is better 
 smooth, free, no ads, and awesome 
 i don't mind ads but pop ups are beneath their level 
 please keep the app size stay small or ad the feature to clear sdcard data, as the app size goes more than 100mb. 
 ad 
 too many advertised 
 rk ads 
 i'd like this app so much more if i could filter out the hundreds of volunteer and part time jobs i can't afford to consider. otherwise, it's exactly as advertised. 
 there are many job show but notice there is no respond every time when apply. the job advertise is outdated. it look nice but no respond at all. it does not give the value to user the confidance to furher invest. till today many job posted are outdated. very very very poor service not worth investing time to apply. 
 easy to use. isnt full of ads. 
 all job adverts should have a closing date as i keep getting repeated notifications for unavailable jobs. 
 i can't get past the welcome ads.  it asks me to log in as me, and goes back to the opening ad. 
 i have apply for a few job through this app. it is quite easy to follow however after application submitted i am unsure whether the advertiser receive my application. 
 very good. no ads, not complicated  to use, straightforward 
 i am logged in to my account but i can only access the job search if i click on a job from an email. when trying to just use the app and click start it cycles back around to the ads about it. 
 the application is putting up adverts from websites known for just pulling traffic such as jobswebkenya and the user can not report. 
 not complected and really just easy to use, special if you don't like advert s on apps this is for everyone_ 
 since installing this i'm getting annoying video ads. would be better if there was an option to search for new jobs only in specified area so you don't have to trawl through the same stuff every time. disappointing app. sort it out 
 the app is fast and no ads 
 easy to find job advertisement 
 needing advertisement exposure 
 good advertisement but nothing else, shame as it looks fantastic but does not work on samsung gear 
 nice watch faces . amazing design . no ads 
 very disappointing this is just an advertising app for their other watch faces and should not be even allowed . 
 not one ad and great free faces.  super easy to use and great support. 
 great selection of free apps_ however the resolution of the premium face _attrattivo_, the watchface advertised at the front of this app page, is disappointingly low. it looks closer to a low_rez paper printout of the watchface. 
 works great. no ads. 
 great ui and it's easy to add any calc problem_ no ads whatsoever, and _ it's free_ 
 awesome app so many functions with no ads 
 no bothering ads, fast, smooth and featuring material design 
 it's great but it would've been greater if there is a _factorial _. i love your app because it has no ads and it's simple. please add some mathematical functions. i am looking forward for this_ 
 really helpful for when my teachers not around, and it does a great job of explaining. only problem was it had a few bugs, but it looks nice and has no ads, so i like it. 
 works perfect_ no ads, free_ edit_ 25 feb 2016 _ update gone bad... ridiculous answers. 2 stars down... 
 it's very simple app and nicely done with step_by_step how_to solve the problems. no annoying ads makes this free app 'totally worth it to download'. keep updated this application. _ 
 just love it..  no ads, no logins.  just pure mathematics that too offline_  and such a huge amount of problem solving abilities..  really helped me.  i'm studying for jee and it really helps in studying different types of equations and the process of solving them and graph tracing.  at times test my self with problems in it.  cons_ just 2 functions are missing _, _.  else app is a perfection.  appreciate it. 
 gave it 5 stars since it's free with no ads and does what it says to a reasonable level in math. 
 so low to use because ads 
 advertising a big free comic promo, then no one can actually log in to shop for any.  great job. let's see if they can _or even plan to_ work this out before the promo ends tomorrow. 
 says no internet cconnection when there is one and now says login is incorrect. if they mis advertised free comics and now do not want to give it out. 
 the quality of the app is irrelevant. you do not get to put ads on my phone's status bar. uninstalled. 
 everything advertised. the discover tab is the actual best, grouping story lines, characters, or artists and making it east to read. 
 i actually like the app but it doesn't work as advertised. i was under impression that i would be able to read 12 comics offline without internet connection but it won't even  acknowledge that i have an account without a connection. it doesn't always load comics properly either. sometimes a 26 page comic will have just 5 pages. and the gaps in the selections are also annoying. getting deep into a story only to realize that you missed a real juicy section because those issues weren't uploaded. 
 an absolute catastrophe of an app. access to marvel's back catalogue of comics would be fine if it ever worked, but it doesn't, not in the slightest. appallingly designed, with a horizontal view of one's library that means that when you try to swipe to scroll, you inadvertently open an issue you didn't mean to. also, in said horizontal list, any series title longer than about two words means you can't see the issue number. although it ostensibly offers an _offline_ mode for reading books, in reality using it offline is near_impossible due to the constant errors that come up when the app is opened without a connection _and often it will display you as signed out, meaning you can't read your offline books anyway_.  but worse than all of this is the fact that it is simply utterly broken and unstable, crashing almost every time you try to move from one screen to another, or scroll down a list in the search page, or edit your library to remove items, or... well, to do basically anything. after about twenty minutes you might be able to open a single offline comic, and when you do so the reading experience is quite good _ but everything else means it's not worth the effort. 
 i downloaded the app after having a lot of trouble smoothly accessing marvel unlimited on my computer, hoping for a better experience. the plethora of 1 star reviews made me nervous, but i wanted to see for myself. not sure if the app itself functions as advertised because i can't even access it. the app crashes trying to open, every single time. between this app and the slow, clunky unlimited web page, i'm starting to see why people go for print subscriptions or pirating. bad form, marvel. 
 awesome update. finally works as advertised....until the last update. like that it now let's you read as it downloads but dislike that i have to go to settings every time to choose _smart panels_. also the _read next_ page at the end of the comic no longer works. down to 3 stars from 4. 
 add ads everywhere 
 looks good, but in comic ads is too much. 
 function is pretty good though missing some nicer details like bookmarking, and has an irritating amount of ads. look forward to its growth. 
 looks ok just like the movie but where is the customization_ i would rate higher but then it would be f as lse advertisement_ 
 the self promoting pop up notification ads on the phone and watch are unbearable 
 this app would need some work to get more than one star, even if it was free as advertised. 
 it sent me a text to my phone advertising 50_ off. uninstalling 
 i inadvertantly deleted my initial comments. i had accidentally switched my keyboard to russian. the dev responded quickly with the fix. if you make the language a setting accessible from the phone app, i will happily go 5 stars. since i can't give fractions, stuck at 4 
 it's convenient to use on a cellphone,  it's free and it has no ads. 
 works like they advertise it. 
 nagware.  microsoft is showing notification ads. 
 funziona bene, anche se _ un po' pesante rispetto ad altre app di fogli, inoltre il salvataggio dei files su cloud pi_ efficienti di onedrive _ un po' troppo macchinoso e talvolta difettoso 
 not free unless your buy 365 subscription... be honest in advertising. 
 please remove the ad to download the others please. then i'll give yer the 5 stars 
 horrible experience... not a much help in excel...can't even _find_ cell data...besides this the ad on app size is huge, may it be ms word or excel 
 how can i disable that ads about getting, word, powerpoint n so. i don't need them_ but its annoying me, every time i open it tells me that_ 
 i'm a big fan of microsoft. but they're sucks in the phone industry. this app will do the job but after wasting your time showing annoying ads of microsoft products_ 
 great app, hard to believe it is free and ad free 
 no ads, pretty great, better than google docs 
 no ads' fast' and easy to use recommended 
 its really great. it has no ads 
 do not use notifications to throw ads at me. that is not what they are for. 
 works as advertised 
 my favorite thing is no annoying stupid ads 
 very easy to use and no ads a plus 
 it's really easy to use and it has all the fonts that i like and it can be downloaded easily from play store. it is also useful for my work and the biggest thing that i like is that it has no ads 
 works as advertised. 
 shows ads notifications about other microsoft products 
 mr ad 
 just like the version on my hp and i love it. no ads, very quick and very helpful when i need to look at a document quickly or when i need to take notes and not around my computer. 
 cannot open epub, ads inside _ uninstalled in 5 mins of usage 
 hate full page ads, i can deal with the small ads at the bottom but full page is too much. uninstalled this 
 to many ads that are provocative, my 7 year old uses it daily. 
 the ads ruin everything. i'm sticking with aldiko. 
 advertising is the drawback of course. 
 really nice. customisations are great but it chews through battery like nothing else on my samsung s4 when it's in the background. have seen up to 17_ cpu usage while in the background 'doing nothing'. not sure if it's to do with the advertising_ 
 ads at start _ exit are somewhat annoying. pagination _ page turning kind of odd. import is a gamble, works for me only on 2_3 of my existing epub books. 
 ad every pages and it won't import books automatically unlike ub reader . please improve your app. 
 it was good but  its advertisement made me mad so i delete it 
 it has everything except the option to minimize ads. i get they are selling ads but it should have the option to hide ads in the app after the ad has been viewed 
 i paid for the pro version because of annoying ads, even when my device is on silent it plays ads at max volume. now i have pro version it still plys the ads. this app is garbage and a waste of money. 
 this is probably the best app out there in the free market with reasonable advertisements which do not create any hindrences really. amazing app which in my opinion has consistently delivered over the years. a big kudos to the creators. thanks for making my life so much better. yes. it is that kind of an app._ 
 while this app is great, the ads are not. just get the paid version to have the best ebook reader on the play store. 
 i have little problem with advertising, though there are many, many free apps that just hold out on things like themes and etc. to get you to purchase their pro apps. this app is used by everyone including children. even so i personally would prefer not to see scantily clad females in the ads. _scantily means very little clothing, just enough to cover essentials_ 
 i have little problem with advertising, though there are many, many free apps that just hold out on things like themes and etc. to get you to purchase their pro apps. this app is used by everyone including children. even so i personally would prefer not to see scantily clad females in the ads. _scantily means very little clothing, just enough to cover essentials_ 
 now with ads. 
 easy to sort the books, measure the progress. love the net library option. didn't understand how the statistics was calculated. the advertisements irritate. errors on copying and highlighting the russian next. 
 it is a great app. you can read most formats on it. downside is you have to pay to read pdf. plus they added ads with the latest update. very interrupting when reading. 
 adverts too distracting 
 again great app receiving poor reviews because some peasant can't pay _1 to get rid of ads. there's ads because its free, they have to make money somewhere. 
 the features are good but the app gives a lot of ads. ads are irritating me. 
 there are a few ads though. 
 i really like reader and it does everything you would like in a  reader but  what is up with the ads. look i have no problem with apps making money off of ads but the two problems i have is if it is a video ad it goes right up to maximum volume on my tablet and second if for some reason i go in and out books a few times in a minute don't play an ad every time please. 
 customization of text is great.  reading progress bar is fantastic.  this was a great app to actually read, but once you navigate your files to the next book the advertisements are so obtrusive that it made me immediately delete.  i was debating paying for the full app but thanks to that programming i just went with fb reader.  same customization, progress bar isn't as awesome though.  but no adverts. 
 still quite good, but the ads are annoying 
 ads keep popping up full screen and down on the screen. disappointed. takes away the whole point of using this app 
 but i abhor full page ads 
 a lot of advertisements,  not friendly user 
 its a fantastic alternative to aldiko reader and just wish it didn't have so many adverts but i love the visual options. love it love it. 
 i updated about 2 months ago. the ui is very confusing now. i can't access my epubs unless i dig through my files to find them. there's used to be a bookshelf with available epubs...now its gone. i wanted to pro version to remove the ads but its not worth the _4.99. make it simpler to use and less expensive to compete. 
 no pdf reading, ad bothering 
 it serves my needs. i keep looking for a  better. with the advancement of technology a better may come_ but presently this is the best so far. so good that i'm afraid if i'd get addicted to its features that i've started to like them rather too much. ads are ok, how otherwise can anyone provide a thing free_ 
 i have used 2 other readers to open .mobi files and they both open links within the book. moon does not open links. it also includes very irritating ads. forget this app. 
 poor interface.  if you have a free version and a paid version of an app that has more features it does not make sense to put ads in the freebie. unless the features in the paid version are only mildly helpful and combined with getting rid of ads you can get money.  did i mention the interface blows_ 
 ad pop up every second, the second i open it i regret it 
 ads annoying 
 ads in reader app_ also why the hell do you require internet connection_ 
 nice app but, i hate an app with ads, especially weird malware like ads, like scan you device. 
 i have been wanting an epub reader for android for years. nothing was as good ad ibook on ios. now this gem of an app comes along. what took you so long. i am quite happy. 
 love the autoscroll feature and the reading speed and progress counter on the recently read shelf,really helped me improve my reading speed. love that project gutenberg is in_app and only one click away. annoying ads but it's free so can't complain. pdf support should be improved, pages appear as images with selectable text, font size doesn't adjust, painful for small screens. 
 everything is good but the ads... it is ok and i can understand. 
 i want my old moon reader, this one with disturbing ads and bugs, i can't even rename my files..._ 
 but the ads are bugging me. but it's still a great app. 
 hate the popup ads 
 uninstalled after last update. annoying ads ruins my mood. pls remove ads. 
 installed after a minute. horrible overuse of adverts. 
 my reader of choice until the ads came. don't get me wrong _ i'm not against ads, but i object to them popping up everywhere, even when i'm reading. and it's all too easy to tap on an ad when its floating so near the bottom of the screen where the controls are.  so, 2 stars till things improve. 
 i've been trying a few reader app and honestly moon_ reader is the best i've come across so far. fast, reliable and easy to use, has many convenient settings. and best of all so little advertisement _i don't mind ads for free app but sometimes ads are overwhelming_ for a free app. i can't ask for more. recommended_ _ 
 i've been trying a few reader app and honestly moon_ reader is the best i've come across so far. fast, reliable and easy to use, has many convenient settings. and best of all so little advertisement _i don't mind ads for free app but sometimes ads are overwhelming_ for a free app. i can't ask for more. recommended_ _ 
 never used to have popup ads, but now that it does, i only get 2 different ones_ kindle fire reading books _why is there an ad in my reader for a reader_. the other ad is for no strings sexual partners... 
 don't get me wrong_this app is great .  but it has video ads. i don't mind ads. but video ads are really annoying_ 
 i prefer the last version on this one. this one doesn't has a library in addition to the ads that is annoying. 
 nice reader function, but i don't need ads. 
 an app that works as advertised... no excuses no nonsense no mishaps. version to version it never disappoints 
 don't mind ads.  we have all gotten to where we ignore them subconsciously, right_  but blinking ads and getting hit with ads at every turn is super annoying.  fair enough_ 
 it's simple and efficient, even with the ads. 
 anyone complaining about ads in a free app is pretty stupid. this is great. highly recommend the paid version if ads offend you so much. 
 when i tapped into an ebook i got a popup that nagged me to buy the pro version. after i canceled that popup, a full_page amazon advert was shown. the close button was right above the ad, which made it difficult to close the advert without clicking it. that was enough for me, i killed the app via the task manager and uninstalled it. might be, that the app is great _ i'll go with another one, that is an ebook reader with advertisements and not an advertisement with an ebook reader. 
 when i tapped into an ebook i got a popup that nagged me to buy the pro version. after i canceled that popup, a full_page amazon advert was shown. the close button was right above the ad, which made it difficult to close the advert without clicking it. that was enough for me, i killed the app via the task manager and uninstalled it. might be, that the app is great _ i'll go with another one, that is an ebook reader with advertisements and not an advertisement with an ebook reader. 
 hard to want to buy the program when testing  is almost impossible because of relentless ads. they include static and pop up videos.   this is crippleware, not freeware. 
 everything looks the same, it'd be better if there was just list of titles, but noooo. can't find books without going through every file. to many ads for a simple app. disabled. 
 some of my mobi books wouldn't open. lots of advertising. i will try a different app. 
 autoplays ads with sound. thanks for startling me awake. 
 when i got a new tablet. if the overbearing obnoxious ads were not enough to make me uninstall, losing my  books certainly was.  i will stick with aldiko. 
 i always get an error when trying to set my primary book storage to a folder on the external sd card.  i have large travel _ photography epub files i want to read when offline. i don't want  them in main device memory_  that said, i am impressed with how well it handles the large files _ renders images. strange that the file management supports google drive _  dropbox but not external sd card. i would pay for pro version if it wouldn't clog up my device memory with book files. free version ads are annoying. 
 is proving to be problematic recently. lots of ads_ after a download, unable to find it it shows up as a blank space. also, being bombarded with lots of ads.  thought when i paid for it it would spare me the ads.  please help me find the items that was downloaded.  thanks 
 paid for the pro version because i liked it so much. i am revising my original glowing review to ask why, with the most recent update, can't i get past the first page when the ap opens_ all it is is a giant prompt for me to pay for it again because now it's 50_ off. if i click on the ad, i'm taken to google play to download the same thing again. very upset and would really like to continue reading the books i downloaded but can no longer access_ grrr_ 
 didn't  like this at all and it has ads so uninstall 
 too many full screen ads. app is hardly usable. don't even think of trying it. 
 insane except for the advertising, hope there are none in paid version. 
 with a lot of advertisments. i don t like it. sorry 
 stupid ads, horrible 
 ads are minimal which we understand because thats what make the app going. and the features are so cool and awesome. no ebook reader can ever beat this. 
 lots of ads cant open pdfs 
 ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads difficult to use ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads 
 the ads are so annoying 
 could benefit from full material design implementation, less intrusive ads, and more self explanatory menu options 
 please don't  use my private emails to advertise. please. do you know how unprofessional it looks_  can i please just email a pdf without including your name in the sig_ it's extremely presumptuous and disrespectful to paying customers. it's unacceptable. the ethics of google play  developers are heartbreaking. it's a race to the bottom. 
 now motorola is pushing ads to my watch_ uninstalled_ also was lagging my galaxy note 4 to the point of it freezing about 8 times a day. you don't need this app for watch to work. android wear is the only thing you need. 
 works as advertised and does what it needs to do 
 still unusable. after the latest update, supposedly to personalize the moto360, i'm now prompted to either send all my personal data to motorola, or exit the app. feels like being mugged. give us an option to opt out, motorola_ we paid for your hardware in full, our data is private_ will return the watch as the advertised features require surrendering my privacy. 
 it works as advertised now_ 
 got it to work. operates as advertised and well. makes life easier when i receive notifications. i no longer have to stop working on the computer to quickly reply to a message. 
 works as advertised 
 less than 12 feet of range to ping my cell phone. was advertised up to 100 foot range. needs a ring tone selection. battery dead in less than a month. absolute garbage 
 great application. formatting ad speed is really good and functionality goes way below the surface of possibilities.   one thing i cannot find is how to see footnotes in the bible versions. these are important to the integrity of the translations and thus a vital part of a bible. how can i see what verses have foot notes and how to open them. or if this is not a current feature how can i suggest it be implemented.  thanks again for all your hard work and ministry. 
 thank you for this bible, i can download any language bible and more. i can highlight, underline, bookmark and make notes. and it is totally free and no ads. thank you very much. i'm using it. god bless. 
 free, no ad. multi language help me to learn language and compare to get original meaning. besides, the appearance is perfect. thanks 
 i'm sorry i discovered this app after i had installed so many bible and commentary apps.to all serious bible students this app is all you will ever need.there are no ads which allow you to concentrate on your study.this app has every translation you could possibly want or need.also many more bible tools.this is the most useful bible study app i have ever installed _and i have installed many_.god bless you for this awsome app. i give this app 1000 stars.thank you_ 
 now it starts on marshmallow, thanks, but crashed during some operation. _crash report submitted._ sharing is very slow and uploads the track to a site with ads and just share the url to that site.  gpx export started to work for some reason _previous error was a toast message saying something like _failed to write to sd card_.  i can now find the gpx file with a file manager, open it with googles my tracks and export to google drive.. could be easier to retrieve the data. _ 
 i've used it only once so far, but i like the app very much. i've found only one problem, and that is that when i share the track record_or save it in dropbox_, i get the link, but i didn't succeeded to open the link no matter where i tried _mobile phone's browser or pc_. otherwise i have nothing to complain about_ i can only advise to get yourself this nice, light and useful app which comes by the way with almost no advertising. 
 i love playing the game but the ads cause the game to continually crash. plus the location part of the game does not work. 
 i'd like it better if there were more options to gain action points quicker or if the action points were taken away all together. i think as most real businesses operate without action points so should the game that and if they must use them make sure u get all points for all ads watched. 
 the game is almost perfect but i can't get enough actions to move on i mean i maxed my daily ads even though they are not enough i will need at least 1 week to start properly cuz i get 10 actions every 30 minutes whi h is awful.please,please make it so we get actions faster and this game is about to become the best game ever.i totally love it ,after u fix it i will give 5 stars and i will even write a massage to samsung so i can give u 7 stars _ _ 
 free ads don't give gold coins 
 the moves were faster. it takes way too long to get started unless you want to watch hours of ads or pay money. great concept just wish it wasnt so slow paced. 
 lots of ads and micro transactions. all graphics are stolen off the internet. it doesn't make any sense.  its bland and it doesn't even deserve to be called a tycoon. the idea is decent but its very badly designed and executed, not to mention how hackable it is. 
 nice new design, but it's harder to hit some business, if i want to buy some, i mean _gt_ this button. ads don't open now and i can't close them, also action bar is filled even with 40 action points 
 a lot a glitches, bugs and consistent mining mishaps instead of 2 barrels of oil i got salt. that's a 15,000 difference in your growth. faulty. and too ad invasive. i rate 2.5 
 great concept, fun and not alot if time needed, just has a few bugs crashes often and a lot of ads that freeze 
 ada ads tp tetep mbayar. awas kalah saingan _o 
 offline, no ads, and absolutely fantabulous. thanks developers 
 each chapters can be found fast and easily. the app is light without needless additions and ads. what makes it even greater is text_to_speech option, which helps me hear the words of god before going to bed. 
 as advertised ... copy and paste not very effective 
 great app. very useful . no ads. microsoft at it's best. 
 it's really great, i was surprised how easy it is, no ads to click through, no onslaughts of popups. and it doesn't force you to save everything to one drive, you can just save it locally. 
 does as advertised. 
 not functioning as advertised. every time i try to shoot a picture to share in onenote, the app crashes. i really need something like this, but will uninstall until i see the share functions are really working. lg g2, android 5.02 
 works as advertised_ 
 works as advertised. 
 works exactly as advertised, impressive 
 this app does exactly what is advertised. i used it during a conference at work and was able to instantly grap slids during the presentation and convert to pics to use in my presentation. even has a resolution option. simply awesome. _would love to see the camara button on the side though the expanded button is just as good._ 
 easy to use, ad free and working smart 
 best app,  no advertisements 
 after trying some of the other, more well known apps, i was looking for an uncomplicated reader with no ads _ this is it. simple viewer, nice library feature and no adverts anywhere. of course there's always room for improvement_ i'd like to see support for more than two syncing folders, and personally i've always like swiping to turn the page. seriously though, these are in no way deal_breakers, and open comic reader is my reader of choice for now. great work, sketchpunk_ _updated_ _ even better with rar support, fantastic.  _updated following comment_ _ i hadn't realised folder scanning was recursive, so you're right _ no need for any extra folders_ and regarding 'swipe' to turn page, i get that it works, i just didn't explain what i meant very well, i actually meant an animation similar to the google books page turn, swiping to get a static cut from one page to the next is a little jarring... but seriously, this is just me being super_nitpicky. still an amazing app, and all your hard work is appreciated_ now, how do we get you higher up in the play store search results_ 
 after trying some of the other, more well known apps, i was looking for an uncomplicated reader with no ads _ this is it. simple viewer, nice library feature and no adverts anywhere. of course there's always room for improvement_ i'd like to see support for more than two syncing folders, and personally i've always like swiping to turn the page. seriously though, these are in no way deal_breakers, and open comic reader is my reader of choice for now. great work, sketchpunk_ _updated_ _ even better with rar support, fantastic.  _updated following comment_ _ i hadn't realised folder scanning was recursive, so you're right _ no need for any extra folders_ and regarding 'swipe' to turn page, i get that it works, i just didn't explain what i meant very well, i actually meant an animation similar to the google books page turn, swiping to get a static cut from one page to the next is a little jarring... but seriously, this is just me being super_nitpicky. still an amazing app, and all your hard work is appreciated_ now, how do we get you higher up in the play store search results_ 
 i appreciate that the program is open source and ad free. but it needs a bit of work.   i just installed a new sd card _the old one died_ and now my library isn't displaying any covers. just white boxes with the file or folder names. still opens the files though. i've tried clearing my library's path and starting from scratch, but the white covers persist. other comic readers display my files normally, so i know it's the program.   i think they need to rethink the way it treats series. if i have a whole bunch of files in a subfolder in my comics folder, they are likely the same series. right now it looks for differences in the file name. that means badlands 01_04 are one series. but badlands_05 is treated as a separate series. and badlands_6 is yet another series. even though they are all in the same subfolder. maybe i should clean up my file names, but other comic viewers understand they are the same series as they are in the same folder.  the program is promising. i will keep it installed and check back as it updates. but right now i have too many issues with it to make it my go_to reader. i would recommend adding a donate version. i wouldn't mind adding _ to help. 
 every download multiplying day by day diminishes at ever quickening rates the resources of my android pure nexus 10.  she , if nothing else, is becoming more clutter rich. how refreshing it is to see an open source, ad free, tiny footprint _memory wise_ clean _ feature rich program such as this_ support these efforts people. 
 simple and ad free. what more can you ask for_ its a little slow but it works perfectly. 
 no ads, no frills. i find the comic selection to be clunky and sometimes working the ui while reading can be awkward, but overall it works well. 
 i like this app a lot. the only question is if the app will ever support cbp files_ i like comicrack's sync feature, but it writes the comic files as cbp _for very good reasons, too_. i like using this app, but i like using comicrack on my desktop, too. i'd like the ability to continue using their syncing service, without having to use their app and their intrusive ads. 
 best comic reader by far. simple clean interface. no ads in the way. no lag time while reading. beats comic rack in my opinion.  update....is there anyway to get covers back to full image_ 
 no ads, free, and fast. 
 give 5 stars just for no ads alone. 
 i live this app. i can now view my comics without a billion ads. 
 best in market no disturbing ads. and lightweight. only pdf reading compatibility missing hope that will come soon 
 free, open source, no ads. simply genius. i loved it. only defect i came up with is sorting cbs, when i sync it doesn't seem to order the files alphabetically...other than that it's just perfect and suits my needs.  thanks sketchpunk_ 
 there is nothing but only purchase there other app ad 
 they advertise that it is free but after downloading, there are only two links asking to purchase. 80mb. 
 great job, nice to see a free app without ads pasted all over it 
 this is perfect. it is well done, free and with no ads. i don't even know how the developper do money on it and still he's working and fixing things regulary. great job. for a free app, this is far too cool. amazing. thank you. 
 wonderful amount of information.  i like how the application gives all the information on pathfinder in a good format and no ads. 
 easy to use and navigate through, plain and simple, useful. plus it has no ads. it is just perfect 
 five star app if there was a simple way of getting rid of ads _i can't find the paid version_ 
 way too many ads and too many invasive permissions. 
 precise. the paid version only removes the advert, or is there anything more to the program itself_ 
 ads crash the app, mostly the tax related ads. 
 clean professional uncluttered interface. works like a dream. love this app. pay to remove adverts it is worth it. 
 now it has ads, a severely random _and ugly_ design and is just trying to do too much. it was better the way it used to be. now, i'd rather use my calculator app instead. uninstalling.  edit_ i'm bumping up the stars because, it does do what it is supposed to do and the developer does provide a link to the old version for us to use. go material dude. it's time. 
 works like a champ. did everything i needed it to do as soon as it downloaded. i read a lot of stupid complaints on here if your phone keypad doesn't have a decimal then get a new phone. this application is free so he needs ads to get paid that's how it works. i would have no problem buying an ad free version_ 
 this is the best comic reading app that i have used. it is simple _ straight forward. no ads, no nags, no need for the app to be connected to the net to work and it's free_ waaaaaaay better than acv. 
 per me, numero uno_ _  assolutamente la migliore per leggere fumetti.. inimitabile. ma anche come lettore di e_book e pdf _grazie all'estensione da installare a parte_ se la cava ottimamente_ io ormai la installo ad ogni cambio di rom e su tutti i miei device android.. 5 stelle_ in una parola_ perfect_ 
 it does what it advertises and it does it very well. my only problem is that it doesn't listen to the system wide screen auto rotate setting. 
 okay picture viewer, but it won't read or display the proprietary file formats used by marvel comics, dc comics, etc. i suppose it reads hentai _comics_ and the like, but i couldn't care less about that crap. i give this app one star due to its false advertising. 
 it works great on my samsung note 2. it also have the automatic _double page cutting_ so i don't have zoom_in and out evry page. and it's really free. no ads. at all. 
 no lie. no paid advertising. just comics. with a smooth smooth as butter interface. 
 reads all my old comics in all formats. no ads and no bloat. love it_ 
 works perfectly for pretty much everything  easy to understand, fully customizable and always remembers where you left off   aaaannd it is for free _ honestly, there are plenty readers around that expect you to pay which aren't even half as good as this one.  oh, and this one has no ads by default _5 for that too haha 
 definitely the best of all of the comic viewers.  advanced features such as white border autodetect and removal.  very quick, no ads, and free. 
 i love this app. its perfect in every way. easy to use and configure, and reads just about everything i can throw at it. no ads, and always free. nothing beats this. i've recommended it to all my friends, and now i recommend it to you_ 
 i use it to watch my manga colection.  i can give 5 star, if this have feature_ auto open next manga archive after the last page, like in comicrack.  thanks. _ update _ it now have fitur _auto open next_prev comic_, i just found it yesterday, when playing with the setting.  now it become the best comic viewer for me.  it light, fast, great image quality and no ad. thank a lot. 
 i've tried all the comic reader apps i could find and i really enjoy using this one. it does what you want exactly when you want it with no annoying ads and things getting in your way or slowing you down. you can use the app as is which makes it super easy to start off with, and it has all the options you could need to adjust. only one request that i would like is to have a page turn animation that you can turn on. 
 the perfect viewer for me. fully customizable _take time to experiment with the various options_ and ad free. i tried other comic viewer apps but perfect viewer definitely beats them. 
 read a lot of downloaded mangas without problem for the past few months that i even forgot to rate this awesome app. quick load even with my weak phone, quick manoeuvering with key function _fit to height_width, actual size, previous_next chapter_, resume from last read page, an option to switch reading direction _right_to_left for manga_, a nice bookself feature, and most importantly no bothering ads to ruin your reading. with features all manga readers could ever ask, truly an app befitting it's name. 
 its like perfect viewer app, too many ads and interruptions 
 perfect. no complaints. reads perfectly and no dumb ads. worth the donation. 
 once you know the hidden button layout, it's quite easy to use, without an interface getting in the way. excellent for pdf, cbr, cbz or just images. no ads or iap_ 
 nice custom option, no ads, an free_ 
 i use this app to read 1000_ mangas in my tablet. and it's perfect, no crashing, no freezing, no ads. 
 so many customization options and ad free_ it's perfect_  you should donate to this developer. 
 the app is perfect for what it is advertises. 
 i read 'no ads' in one review and i just had to give it all up to you, star_wise 
 easy to use, can open files directly from lan shares, no anoying ads so far. even better than a comic viewer back on 2.1 days. 10_10 
 best reader i've used. no ads and zero lag. very nice. 
 free and no ads. perfect options. excellent display. the menu looks ugly but works. 
 paid to remove ad. still cant read line with ad gone. hmmm. 
 great app. but get rid of the ads. 
 i like this app. it works as advertised.  an app as good as this one that offered a.m._p.m. i would give 5 stars. 
 update_ 10. 12. 2015....  so what happened_  i assume app must have been updated.  now  moon is in upper left hand corner...  can barely see it_  monster  disappointment.  will be removing if not fixed asap.   previous review per this year_  unobtrusive ads ..._had_ great interface ...  this app is truly a delight_ took my other app off when developer messed it up. this app surpasses that one all to pieces_ lynn 
 not happy about paying for pro only to get rid of ads. ah well, such is life. 
 an enjoyable app except for the fact that, as of recent, there is an annoying ad that appears at the bottom of screen that says if i don't wish to see the ad, then i need to upgrade to the pro version and i'll no longer have to see the ad. when i did review the pro ad i discovered that the version was not free, so i chose not to install it. the problem is when i go back the same ad continues to pop up. so, basically it's making it clear that if you don't upgrade that they will continue to trash your screen 
 i love this app so much, and the ads are funny as. who the hell says _help us feed our children, upgrade to pro_ i lol every time i see that ad. 
 nothing i've tried keeps the pro version from running off the bottom of the screen so i have to guess what the bottom line _moon houses_ says. waste of money to upgrade from the free where the ad covered the bottom line. 
 works well. really beautiful. there is an ad for the pay version but that is reasonable. 
 a neat app that gives precise and useful information. bought the 'no ads' version and am figuring out how to get to it... really fine 
 gives nice info but pushy ad at bottom spoils it 
 i enjoy using both astronomically and astrologically. the interface is bug free and cost like many apps other than professional suites and nautical navigation software...which can cost a lot..is very affordable.  i've got nothing but praise.  just buy it if ur looking for something like this.  i often pay to get rid of ads and upload to cell and tablets.  when you pay 1x for 4_5 units.  it amts to about .50. 
 got ad free version but moon on widget goes left to right but the live wallpaper goes right to left_ i would love to know why_ 
 love this app..only wish there was not an ad below 
 exactly as advertised and money to a good cause. 
 great widget, completely resizeable to customise to your home screen. love the interface when you open and ability to slide through the month. ads are not obstructive 
 ad at base occludes info and can't scroll up  changes phases. 
 ads aren't all that annoying. shows the continuous phases and rising and setting times, as well as the astrological house it's passing through. 
 unable to remove ad for go pro. cannot access control. 
 one of the screen shots shows rise and set times but the free version doesn't have this feature as advertised. 
 it's accurate, detailed, and helpful_ no obnoxious ads and i totally love the background setting_ 
 stupid ad at the bottom which says_ to remove this ad click here. that is a lie. it does not remove the ad, it links only to a paid option. you suck. 
 works exactly as advertised. 
 the ad covers up the zodiac part and the moon moves out of screen 
 i've been lookin f an app 2 show phases of moon _in real time_ f a lng time now _ i've finaly gt 1 yeahhh_. its absolutley perfect, jst wot i've been lookin 4_. i missed it on app of day so aint gt the pro version _ without the ads_ _ i cant afford t buy it. i wish u cud put this app bk on appoftheday so i can gt the ad free version. _hate those bloody ads_. _p 
 nice app. but, for five stars, monthly calendar should highlight cyrrent day.  charging almost _2.00 to be ad freex is outrageous for this limited info app. 
 aside from the ads, it's cool_ i like how i can zoom into the moon and see the different phases and the date of when it happened. i also love how it takes into account of which hemisphere i'm in. 
 it has ads in there 
 its ok, but cant get rid of the ad at the bottom of the screen, when you touch it, a window pops up offering to unlock for 99p _ if its free then get rid of the ad_ going to remove it, found another one which is completely ad free and its by far the best moon phase app out there _andscaloid_ 
 not intrusive at all. no annoying ads. beautifully developed. 
 decent moon app. the small ads don't annoy me to much but the fact u wanna charge people to remove them is annoying to be honest but i guess u have to make ur money somewhere. . 
 exactly as advertised, and beautiful too_ this may be the 1st app i will ever actually pay for, _mbl bills are bad enough._ i have sworn never to pay for an app _ this may prove the exception. _ 
 to remove a large, ugly advert, click _ pay. 
 i've seen this app demonstrated online by the creator and think it is awesome. i am so happy that the app had become so much better now that the ads are gone_ 
 uninstalling due to ad continually displaying on screen _says click to remove, which results in taking you to a _pay version_ of app.  very annoying_ 
 i swear when i first installed this app it showed eclipses but now it doesn't. the pictures of this app advertise an eclipse. add this feature and it's a 5 star rating. 
 no ads option_ 
 not as advertised.  when you download the free version, it doesn't fully open except in play store.  when you go to live wallpaper list on your phone, most of the options are gone on settings.  no zoom in no nothing.  you only get moon size and position and phase name and that's it.  it never gets from play store to wallpaper list. you need to fix it or change ad.  its not my phone either.  it did the same on my old phone with different operating system. 
 not as advertised.  when you download the free version, it doesn't fully open except in play store.  when you go to live wallpaper list on your phone, most of the options are gone on settings.  no zoom in no nothing.  you only get moon size and position and phase name and that's it.  it never gets from play store to wallpaper list. you need to fix it or change ad.  its not my phone either.  it did the same on my old phone with different operating system. 
 works as advertised 
 the ad didn't even bother me. i just really like the app so much i wanted to help support it _  thank you..it's beautiful 
 it's funny to ad lib your photos. 
 too many advertising but it's still a great app. i use it daily 
 need a clean no ads version_ even your watermark that your putting on our photo _ 
 simple. so easy. so cool. is there and ad free version i could pay for_ 
 dont download this apps. too many adv appear and very disturbing. don't download. waste time. ads appear on menu start screen. did't move until we go to ads link or quit to stop this ads. every minute. 
 you need to work on ads. it's big. 
 its good but ads ruin it all and sometimes when i get on it, it crashes like a million times 
 i cant find the faces_ _       there is ads on bottom that blocks the menu _   oh plzz help me_ 
 it's easy to be creative... it's a laggy app. likely from ads... 
 ads cover the page please remove ads and i'll buy it again 
 it is ok but remove the ad , it blocks the meme add option. 
 it is blocked by the ads. please fix it 
 the advertisements blocked the editor 
 the ad covers the comic creator so i can't do a thing_it looked really cool so put the ad somewhere else 
 omfg. the ads cover the menu bar. bravo, you created a wonderful app, then trashed it with ads. thank you microsoft clone. as i surf the google store searching for ad_blockers in vain, i truly feel devestated. 
 good idea but doesnt let me ad rages and only draws lines or  free hand 
 the ads is covering the menu 
 i'm a huge rage fan but you can't ad picture you have to draw them whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy 
 i cant ad anything only if i choose from the scenes please fix 
 limited access, ads. 
 waste of time false advertisement 
 nice but need to get rif of those ads,it's so hard to draw 
 the game is a awesome but it is soooooooooooooookkk boring.ads pop up and........... 1 star 
 too much ads 
 the only. thing. that it needs are no ads 
 good graphics for 32 mb.  all free 8 maps. still need to unlock some cars and for removing ads worth 62 rupees. tilt works good on most phones for driving. this is a lot better bcs in wp only 2 maps free and only one car available. u need to purchase the full game to win at least one game on windows phone. and the major good thing is we get at least 5000 exp in google game play. 
 it's okay. like the tilt control but too many ads and the controls could be better. 
 remove ads 
 nice game but how do i clear these ads after every race, they sucks 
 i install, wish to play, agree to terms and conditions, get an ad and crash 
 give this one a try,  it's a great racing game. it's a layed back racer for a change. you can watch 20 to 30 second mini ads for other games to win cars. that's a nice change. thanks 
 vvv nice game but ad new game... 
 couldn't play too frequent ads 
 foolish ads don't install 
 the comparison aspect was useless...completely.  virtually every bar code scan would show 1 local item and 2 or 3 online _if that many_ while even quick google or amazon searches would show hundreds online and dozens locally.  not as advertised _ very limited.  uninstalling. 
 will not operate as advertised, should be removed from the market 
 this app is awesome eliminates sale ads all together and pointless hours of searching_ 
 you have no local pricing. only online. anybody can reprint a store ad , which is what you do. 
 i may be a gadget geek, but this app is really pretty useful. the ads are integrated well and easily bypassed. no bugs in galaxy s6 active. 
 no local results_  when this feature is fixed i will rate 5 stars. don't advertise features that are not provided. it severely damages your credibility. 
 too often no price available.  they have increased ads but not quality in their app. 
 full of crappy advertising 
 running on android 5.0.2 and it is quite laggy. anyway no ads and absolutly briliant set of features 
 it does not even have the basic stores around me available. abd it only showes you the basic price not the advertised prices like 3 for 10 on soda ect. not what i thought it would be. 
 at first it worked... now bloated with so many annoying ads snc garbage... its uninstall time 
 i suspect that the reason why it keeps telling me i need 3g or wifi is because i use an ad blocker on my device. not cool. 
 excellent for price matching at local stores. i no longer have to carry around several ads. 
 fast response _ no ads 
 ads, loyalty cards, related searches and other nonsense crowd out why this app was installed. just take a picture, please_ 
 doesn't work. ads popping up everywhere and i can't click them off_ haven't managed to listen to a single word because it keeps trying to redirect me to their website to give them money_ don't bother, it's a scam. 
 works as advertised. i'd love the animation to be faster but that's a minor thing ... 
 i won't mark an app down for features i'd like to have. it works as advertised perfectly. like some here i would love to see a d20 system with this too and even fudge dice. 
 not as good as advertised. 
 this used to be a great app, now i'm seeing that it's not unlimited anymore and it has a credit system. also a notification that _unlimited_ is being changed mid_march. not happy. i would rather ads, the 8.99 a month and keep it unlimited. oh now 1 audiobook a month_ guess i will be canceling sooner than i thought. i would upto _30_40 a month for unlimited audio. with library apps now i can get them free. 
 it's pretty awesome. you get thousands of books at your fingertips for a small monthly price. there are few books or authors that scribd doesn't have, and i hope they're in the process of updating that. but all in all, it's a great app. no annoying ads and you can read offline if you don't have access to the internet. 
 get rid of the  stupid _credit system_ that was not there when i originally signed up. the thing that made me choose scribd over its competitors like audible was that i could listen to and read as many books as i wanted. this new credit system basically only allows me to read one book at a time. everything was fine and then you went and changed it after i signed up. that's the same thing as false advertisement. i already pay _9 a month for the subscription. you want me to pay more on top of that_ 
 like the tittle said, it is the best manga viewer i ever have. it's simple free, and the best part is there's no ads. 
 it reads my japanese _.jpg_, _ american comics _.cbr_. no stupid ads to close when changing between my files _ no ads making the page smaller or blocking a part of the page. best app i've ever found 
 good after first try, no crash , simply, screen oriented iss well fit width perfectly, altho free its ads free....gave 5 for this. i hope this kept forever if he update the app. unlike moon_ n perfect viewer, after i update thing, the softwre getting more crash  thanks 
 this is the best manga reader. there's not even a chance for the other apps. this one has everything. plus... it has no ads or intrusive permissions. 10 stars 
 the only app i use to read compressed mangas. fast, simple and no ads. please keep it ad free all the way thanks 
 i got this because its free and doesnt display ads like other comic viewers. glad to find that its fully featured, fast, and updated. get this one, you wont regret it. 
 i have tried many book readers, some paid like moon reader pro and others but this is the only one that can read my cbz files from the external sd card. all others only read pdf from it and only recognize cbz files that are in the internal card. well i don't have enough space in there for so many files. no ads which is great. thank you dev. i would thank you more if you changed the icon too_ samsung galaxy note ii. 
 so far best app to read manga on my phone, but like someone already said it change the icon and make possible to read from right to left as it feels more natural reading manga. apart from this it's best app with no ads 
 i've tried other readers available on play and nothing compares to this. it opens many file types and no annoying advertisements_ 
 i think this is the best manga reader i've used. and on top of that it has no distracting ads, which is i love the most. its just that the icon is kinda off,  it'd but  great if you replace it with a simpler pro look 
 its little bit annoying to use an app when some ads appear but this app does not exist any ads good but plz change the new icon it is disgusting 
 reads zip and rar archives, which is what i was looking for. free and no ads.  for the love of god, change the icon. i literally have to hide this app when i'm not using it. 
 this is a brilliant app that i use frequently. however the one major complaint i have is that lately, over the past several updates, it never will shazam on startup anymore, even when i have that setting checked. i uncheck and then recheck the setting just to be sure, and it still doesn't work on startup. very frustrating when i can't use two hands to manually press the button, or i'm in a hurry because the song is ending_ please fix. also i agree that it is slow to load because of the ads and _trends._ 
 instead of telling me what song in playing while i'm watching tv, it tells me what show i'm watching or takes me to some ad. i can press info on my remote for that. i just uninstalled it because it's useless. 
 very useful apps.i would like to give 5 star if u ad the download option.plizzzz fix it. 
 adverts are off putting. 
 it used to shazam tv shows, ads, and movies. it is not doing it anymore. please fix_ 
 app itself on phone is works but lags from all the ads. the android wear app however, is a joke and simply doesn't work _sorry we couldn't tag your music. try again_. 
 i cant even use it anymore because when i start recording and that advertisement pops up, it makes it as if im playing something loud so it cant even pick up the music right. fix this please. it used to be good_ 
 it does everithing ecept letting u download the songs ad that and 5 stars 
 this app actully twice as large as advertised developers don't care newer phones won't store in sd memory card drags phone down jumbo memory hogs not worth it go to a nother app till developer shrinks shazam memory hogs_ appactually 1728 mb_larger if m sd 5043 mb. but the best  but memory thefs _memory hoggs ps thy send you spam emails won't stop even if you ask_ ps stores ech tag in its app couch and data beawar_ 
 just saw the paid version was on sale. read the description to find the benifit vs the free version but there was nothing mentioned_ reviews say you get spammed with ads. what is the advantage to paying_ it is 20c at the moment but i won't purchase if its a backward step from this version. 
 too many ads piss me off 
 found songs easier to find with google, plus i'm not getting adverts shoved in my face... 
 too many ads, and it didn't identify the music. 
 tried using it today, failed to find the correct song several times before i gave up and asked my friend instead. full of ads and stupid crap to make you download. avoid_ 
 remove all ads on paid version not just some 
 well, it works. but, with full page adverts, user experience seems to be an afterthought. simply ugly. 
 this app works very well with song identification but the 3 star rating is due to the amount of clutter and ads 
 saw plenty of aggressive ads but although music was loud and very clear, 'it couldn't quite catch it.' multiple times. i don't need another app full of ads. i need an app that will tell me what's playing. this is the 2nd time i've tried this. i attempted first 2 yrs ago. didn't work then either. 
 works for most songs but it's really annoying when it doesn't. it didn't know anuthing by the murlocs at all. it's also full of irritating adverts. all i want it to do is tell me what song im hearing i dont want any of this 'my shazam' stuff either. 
 way to many ads now does not recognize music any more keeps saying get closer to source bs had phone on speaker just sucks now don't even waste your time folks what happen_ shazam y'all straight dropped the ball on this one but there's just no good 
 it's awesome. i played an electronic song from a ringtone app. the ringtone was on for five seconds and an advertisement came on. yet, shazam found the exact song i was listing to. the song was headhunterz_dragonborn. i wouldn't have figured that out without this app. 
 i wish there was an option for a more minimalistic design , sometimes i need to open the app quick to scan a song but it takes too long loading ads and other stuff 
 just ads and ads 
 does exactly as advertised, ready to use. 
 this app is just perfect for mind mapping. it's also small_sized and totally free without ads. the features are just enough for most. thanks and keep the good work_ 
 beautifully intuitive, with a clear and simple ui. no ads, no unnecessary permissions such as identity, network and location. the free version has severely limited features, for instance, no crosslinks is a big handicap._excellent online help, but it doesn't always make clear that a feature is not available in the free version._i may be missing something, but it seems there is no way to open notes without them invoking the keyboard, which is irritating when using, rather than editing, a mind map._there is only one dark style option. it would be good if 'styles' had a variable brightness selection for the background, irrespective of foreground style. 
 one of the best apps available on my device.  particularly good is commercial model_ it is honest. you get no stinking ads, free version is actually usable _really_ and functionality added in upgraded version is worth it. overall very well done. 
 good to see some of the premium features in the free version. i don't mind ads in the app. 
 it's as advertised_ simple, free and an excellent way to organize your mind. i love it a lot, and i've used it for planning my finances and laying out the various lessons learned in my training class, helping me remember stuff better. 
 minimal requirements _ no ads. great app 
 this app is simple to understand, easy to use, uses nice colors, and gets work done. if you need a flowchart, you need simplemind. simple as that. i do wish however, that links _web or local file_ should be included in the free version _after all, what is an advertisement if not a link with graphics_ why not let me make my own links_ 
 very functional and no ads despite being free. desktop app is not subscription based like the other mind mapping apps 
 this is the best mind map tool for mobile i've seen. i was dumping all thoughts that were swimming around in my head quickly and effectively in moments of downloading. no ads. what a pleasure. am likely to purchase paid version. 
 does what it advertises, and has lots of little conveniences, like being able to add another spoke to the hub from the hub or the rim. 
 you download app...it works great...you update app...ads appear and the app does not work as good...solution_ if it aint broken, don't _fix_ it. 
 great comic app although i hated how you can't go to the main menu_ it is still an incredible app. no advertisements. 
 i tested 20 other apps to read my final fantasy vii strategy guide cbr file this is a flawless app plus no ads 
 no noticible ads and no memory problems nice and reliable i love it. it does what it stays on the box 
 so amaze to many ads though 
 can't believe this from ms, it's really disappointing as other messaging apps provide more advantages totally free and with no ads _ 
 my whole family uses it and no ads its add free 
 every couple of days it logout suddenly and getting error ad login failed with same id and password. only solution is uninstall and reinstall.plz fix it.i have paid subscription and this error sucks. 
 poor rating for advertising. 
 skype once was a very great program. but in recent times... not so much. constantly crashing, cant keep track of _new messages_ the guy i talk with like all the time had bday 2 weeks ago, skype still tells me _has birthday_. i learned in a basic c_ class how to use _birthday scripts_. keeps crashing on my pc aswell.. mostly after infinite loops caused by the great ad system. why do you design something to look polished, if you paste trashy looking ads over it. no i am done with crappy skype. 
 kudos to the team for taking feedback on video advertisements and removing them. your app has a great positive effect on mornings and sleep again _ keep up the good work_ 
 kudos to the team for taking feedback on video advertisements and removing them. your app has a great positive effect on mornings and sleep again _ keep up the good work_ 
 at 5 in the morning i don't want to have to deal with advertisements sending me to different pages and what not. remove this for free users and i'll change to 5 stars because i loved the app before this 
 i liked this app enough to buy it, but i somehow broke my upgrade.  tech support had been non_responsive to my emails, and i don't like the software enough to buy it twice.  app is infuriating to use with the ads. 
 if someone wants to buy the app, he will buy it. you won't force him to buy it by using so many ads... probably you will make him just uninstall the app... 
 been using this alarm for over two years, have loved so many aspects of it. unfortunately, the devs have recently added a feature where a full screen ad pops up after every wake cycle. i do not care for this and will be switching alarm apps. it was good while it lasted though_  edit_ don't get me wrong, i understand the devs need to make money, and i'm okay with the in_app ads, but this full screen is just too much. 
 hate the new ads 
 i used free version of this app for a few months. solid app, although interface is very old android ui style. i like fade in alarm a lot _ better then other fade in alarms i tried_. however, sleep tracking limit on every 2nd day _ intrusive full screen adds after you stop the alarm. too much for the app that is advertized as free. and lastly, it drains baterry even when sleep tracking is off. after i removed app, my phone baterry lasts at least twice longer. 
 i like the app but ever since i updated when the alarm goes off the first thing i am greeted with is an ad that covers the whole screen. i have to hit the back button to get back to the alarm. i don't mind ads but that is annoying so early in the morning. i may have to switch apps for my alarm now. 
 i liked this app.... until it started running video ads when i turned off my alarm in the morning. way to take a decent free app and turn it into garbage after download. i am uninstalling. 
 tracking of sleep confusing ad not easy on eyes 
 edit 09_10_ i've revised my review to reflect the removal of the video ads. it's unfortunate that ads had to be inserted at all, but it's a fair trade_off for sticking with the free version. _this was a fantastic app until the devs decided to put a video app after dismissing the alarm. hope you like being jolted awake_ 
 i have been using this app for a long time now and loved it until recently. i understand the need for ads_ however, is it really necessary to take up the entire page_  i am used to ads but they never took up the entire screen before.  please make them smaller.  your rating decreased because the answer didn't help me.  except to purchase the app for the cost of a pack of gum. _what pack of gum cost _4.99_  i don't need the pro version. won't change my rating until it's smaller ads. 
 it's a bit of a shame really, this used to be the premier alarm app for android, but now there are a few glitches and bugs creeping in _repeat alarms not always working, sleep tracking being a bit dodgy_ and more importantly the ads are becoming more and more intrusive. a full screen add after an alarm_ nope, sorry, too much. 
 great app, used it for years. uninstalled because of intrusive and gross ads. 
 i like the data, esp. the noise_snoring recording _ analysis, but the interface is obscure. sometimes, it shows the rem vs. light sleep, sometimes it doesn't, no matter what i try. no documentation in the app. not very intuitive_ also, its very easy to start a second track going inadvertently. 
 i don't want ads. that's it. i don't use sleep tracking. i don't use sleep recording. i don't use sleep deficiency tracking. all i want is the base sleep as android app for alarms and naps. i'd pay a dollar for that simple app without ads. extremely pricey otherwise. 
 i'm sick of the daily pop up ads. uninstalling. 
 consistent reminders. detailed tracking. no obstructive or obnoxious ad placements. decent alarm settings. noise detection and tracking. trends. good layout and design. this app is exactly what i was hoping it'd be, and is helping me sleep better daily. 
 works as advertised 
 i was wondering if my phone caught malware but i looked at the task manager and it's sleep as android_ every morning i have to back out and x out of a ton of annoying pop_up ads to access my phone_ sleep aa implemented pop_up ads_ report this app_ 
 works as advertised 
 the ads after snoozing an alarm at a bit much. i had preciously wished i bought the app but now it's a huge turn off. 
 misadvertised as free 
 used to be good but now shows a full screen ad every time i unlock my phone. not ok. 
 while trying out the free trial i had fallen in love with this app, planning to buy the full version. however it recently started sending full screen ads when i unlocked my phone. this app has essentially become adware. great alarm clock if you don't mind intrusive annoying ads popping up all the time like some malicious virus. 
 use to enjoy this app until they added ads with video and audio. now i have to unlock my phone every time the alarm goes off to turn off the ads. 
 video ads 
 after latest update, plays an obnoxious video ad when turning off the alarm in the morning.  i can just imagine the team meeting where that ridiculous decision was made.   i hope there were some design engineers with some common sense who put up a fight, but apparently the marketing_advertising execs won out. 
 after latest update, plays an obnoxious video ad when turning off the alarm in the morning.  i can just imagine the team meeting where that ridiculous decision was made.   i hope there were some design engineers with some common sense who put up a fight, but apparently the marketing_advertising execs won out. 
 i've been using this app for over a year and had no complains. i can deal with the banner advertisement and the lack of the sleep tracking feature. i just use it plainly for an alarm and it's been great. but recent update has got advertisements after the alarm rings and when your waking up at 6am you dowwan to deal with this shit. really hate this app now because of that. you have lost a user. 
 i've used the ap for a very long time, and it worked great as an alarm clock until recently.  in the last week i've started getting ads popping up, full screen and with tiny close buttons in the corner, every time i turn off an alarm.  certainly gets me up... but waking up angry was not the goal.  uninstalled. 
 used to use this, but with the latest update, ads take up the whole screen. i didn't even know they were from this app at first and thought i had spyware. they show up some time after an alarm _i don't know when_ so i'd unlock my phone to find some obnoxious ad. 
 i used to love this app, until annoying ads started playing every time i try to switch the alarm off in the morning, waking my partner up in the process 
 it was a nice app _free version_ until started to send push ads with loud and annoying video every time i dismissed an alarm. i uninstalled it promptly and will never use. 
 not a big fan of new ad system from wakeup. uninstalled alot of apps trying to find out this was the culprit. 
 so your alarm goes off. you snooze it. then a very loud ad video starts. so you have to unlock your phone, find the small little x in the top right or left corner using your half asleep brain, and hope you can go back to sleep. after a few years of using and loving this app, it is being uninstalled. 
 ... successfully blackmailed me into paying up for a full version. there is nothing wrong with the app and i love it, but the pop_up ads _which feature auto_play videos also_ are an extremely cheap shot_ 
 and your ads. audio ad on a silenced phone_ just fu. uninstalled forever 
 after the last update these guys decided to give you a video ad right after the alarm.  as if there wasn't enough ads already.  i have no issues whatsoever with the bottom ads.  that i understand.  but pop_ups_ deleted. 
 this update is ridiculous. once my alarm goes off it starts playing video ads from my lock screen. not happy at all_ i will be no longer using this app if i can't uninstall the update. 
 had to uninstall this as it played full audible adverts after each alarm. very annoying 
 before this app i was using runtastics sleep app it was horrible i complained when i got it.  it's been three months and i haven't even gotten an email.  i had one small problem on this app. boom told how to fix it and what to do this is bar none the best sleep app i've used and ive been with every os windows apple android amazon blackberry and this app blows all the try hands away best i think... _2 that i've ever spent xd verses _5 with runtastics and the annoyingness of all others bombarding me w_ ads _ 
 does exactly as what is advertised. 
 as advertised. thanks for developing_ 
 works as advertised. 
 works as advertised, but it still emits a little bit of light, putting the watch in theater mode works just as well without having to install this app since theater mode is built_in........ uninstalling. 
 probably due to the 5.1.1 update, but this didn't work as advertised. 
 ads in background on max volume ... do not download this sht. 
 there are unnecessary ads. uninstalled. 
 if you don't like ads you will not like this app. paying for the training section does not remove ads. will not recommend this to anyone as it is. _9_24_ 
 extremely helpful..bt ads r realy irritating..plz remove ads..plz.. 
 purchased this app and for whatever reason it reverts back to advertisements _ no access to the area where you can execute queries. i could have used that cash on a coffee instead_ what the hell_ _lol_.        _   resolved the problem by hitting the buy button each time the app is launched. 
 the ads are ridiculous_ i understand the purpose, but the ads are non_stop_ 
 well designed app and great for sql starters. i don't mind the ads its nothing wrong with a revenue generated app through ads, apps like this one and the foundational learning is more than we can ask for. greatly organized with simulations and hand on tutorials _ 
 when i run the app it repeadetly pops up ads that is ridiculus so that i gave you nothing_ 
 far too many ads. uninstalled. 
 i like the content, but literally there is an advertisement every 30 seconds or so. this would be ok if it didn't disrupt the functionality of the application itself, no ad_free version  available. i'm uninstalling it now 
 so far this rocks but i'm having the worst trouble trying to avoid an ad in the intro section. it's covering some text on my galaxy s2 and the red x to close is tiny. otherwise looks great and can't wait to utilize it to the fullest to learn sql_ 
 adding space at the bottom of pages would be useful as the popup adverts cover content 
 why am i seeing ads for the paid version...._ 
 ads sucks _x 
 the ads do not allow to use the app _ what idiot come up with the idea that ads sould not give the app any time at all_ 
 ads will start after a couple of minutes which is expected but then pop up every 10 seconds or less. also on the very first get started section they have not in 'usa' listed in the code but then list usa in the example results. not sure i trust it when that's the first thing you see. 
 used to be my favorite quick reference on queries, but ads have gotten invasive and i'm done putting up with them. uninstalling. 
 every 1 minute .even after closing app. it pushing ads on main screen.... 
 decent app with clear interface. annoying though that after paying to remove ads and query the database, the ad on the homepage remains present_ 
 all of these sql guides are just one copy of another...or from someone that created the guide on the internet long ago. there's nothing different from one to another. the only creative difference between them is how they annoy you with banner ads. 
 ads are covering the and lines plz make an update 
 should have the ads removed for the paid version. 
 i love the functionality of the app itself and i can tolerate the ads scrolling at the bottom of the screen but the frequency of the full screen ads is too much. the longer you stay in the app, they start popping up about 3 seconds apart. i rather pay to remove these_ 
 much easier than trying to find wear apps in google play. it might not look as fancy as other similar apps _not many icons_graphics_, but it is a lot more stable, has no intrusive ads, and the apps list seems to be updated very frequently. good stuff_ 
 4 stars because it works, it is relatively fast, there is no ads and it is free_ last missing star will come with time and patience _ 
 advertising apps that do not work with wear 
 this app contains ads from som less than thristworthy sources, causing it to display fake badly translated virus alert _ads_. displaying malware in the app makes the app itself malware imho 
 great app unfortunately it has ad support from scammers. has an ad that is a flashing notice about a virus on your phone. get an ad that better reflects the value of your app. 
 excellent app. giving 4 stars instead of 5 because it does have ads. 
 very detailed _ description should mention it has non removable ads 
 as advertised....needed build and boot loader info for root and this app told me that and much more. thanks dev. 
 program works as advertised but bogs down the phone 50_ cpu usage on my  lg_e617g which is a mid range phone, single core 800 mhz processor. 
 would get 5 stars if it weren't for advertisments. great app_ 
 works as advertised 
 seems to like serving up ads which claim my phone is inflected with a virus 
 while will try again after next release as premise of app is quite good and app is relatively highly rated, will be uninstalling for now as some of the data displayed is inaccurate and misleading based upon other _monitoring_ tools. probably works better on older devices and pre ics_jb android releases. ui needs work. also too many ads and too much data collection  which does not properly use encryption. as mentioned, will probably try again with next release. . 
 works as advertised. htc desire 
 this is my second oldest app _next to mybackuppro_. the systems information is as complete as you would want it. i would like to support the developer by buying a paid version and would welcome getting rid of the ads. 
 i like it_  gives more system info than anything i've seen. i mean, it flat spills its guts_ waaaay cooool. if ya wanna know this is the app that'll show ya. wtg, dev_ _ what about going ad_free_ i'd pay _ others would, too _ we like our info 'clean.' how does that bugs fix and the ads thing work, anyway_ keep us informed _ we'll be fans for life_ 
 ads... 
 excellent. gives more technical information than other similar apps i''ve tried. shame about the constant adverts... but can't have everything for free, i suppose. 
 i hate ads. removed_ 
 great app. would buy it to get rid of ads if it was an option. 
 ads, why_ system tool, only. removed. good app but ads don't need. 
 unbelievable, great. i'm upgrading to an htc desire from a hero and i recommend this. the only gripe i have is the advertisements 
 i rate 4 stars becuz of ads 
 best app you'll ever find. always updated to peak performance. a must have. all that's needed is a way to remove the ads. where can i send donations 
 works as advertised 
 works as advertised. 
 would be happy to pay for an ad free version_ 
 doesn't get all the infos but it gets most.   the ad can be a bit intrusive. 
 cool app, but the ads suck_ 
 the ads are annoying, yet worth it. it helped me catch some serious resource hogs. 
 would be 5 stars if warned about ads... 
 loads of info_ ads don't really bother me_on bottom of the screen_. thanks, htc incredible. 
 lg optimus v, probably my most used app, wish i could pay a dollar to get rid of ads 
 good app. but with ads. no possibility to buy pro or remove ads. 
 a lot of confusing and intentionally misleading adverts included _a virus, click here to fix it, etc..._. 
 awesome application, bring paid without ad, i would buy. 
 ads are a no go on my phone. also needs a real icon. adios. 
 certain ads _apparently those with continually changing text_ cause 100_ cpu, which somewhat defeats the purpose. htc legend 
 i like the log feature also and no ads. thanks dev. 
 nice app. how i can remove the ads, that been the only little problem. 
 displays most of the system info. 4_5 because of the ads. 
 every needed data and more... don't miss this apps, 4 stars due tu ad banner at the botom... 
 ugly iface, ads 
 but plenty of ads and slam .... 
 extremely useful. could do without ad support. other than that very nice. 
 would be good without the ads even donate version _ 
 good tool, but the religious ads are offensive. use normal ads, fine. but don't preach to me. 
 no problems.  the choice of ads, may i suggest not the virus one that just tricked a friend into thinking he had a virus. 
 ads are so annoying 
 it works, but it has an ad that says i have a virus.  i have avast, and don't need scare tactics to try another anti virus. 
 would pay for an ad free one_ hate ads. 
 good app. has ads. 
 good i'd pay for an ad free version 
 the _dashboard_ page is nice ... extra star for graphs .. everything else can be found on market without ads ..i don't like paid advertisements. 
 the _dashboard_ page is nice ... extra star for graphs .. everything else can be found on market without ads ..i don't like paid advertisements. 
 best free app but containing ads 
 xclnt app, i hate ads.. 
 keeps freezing and lagging_ plus the ads on inbox it annoyed me a lot_ horrible_ pls fix, remove or lessen the ads_ give us privacy guys_ 
 full of ads 
 i know companies are in business to make money and i know ads are there so they can make money... but the second you open the app, there are ads everywhere. ads on top.. ads on the bottom_ can't even distinguish witch are the ads and which are your current chats. 
 very easy to use_ no ads, this app rocks_ face time and skype better watch out 
 good. but to many ads and nonstop notifications about nothing important. 
 good app. does what it advertises and it's free. 
 annoying ads 
 phone_ s. galaxy s3 watch_ asus zenwatch 2. great app to have, the only way i could figure out how to close unnecessary apps running in the background. i installed this and it's worked as advertised everytime i've needed to use it. so far no problems and it's simple to use. 
 ui is good, free, no ads. perfect to switch to. 
 aggiornamento_ ho grandi difficolta ad aggiungere e rimuovere stickers dal mio pack, il bot esegue i comandi ma il mio pack rimane uguale... come risolvo_ tanto di cappello agli sviluppatori, ha molte funzionalit_ in pi_ di whatsapp e soprattutto _ un'applicazione non commerciale... non ho idea di come reggano le spese per mantenere l'app, per_ non ne hanno alcun profitto_ se davvero avete fatto tutto questo gratis e senza profitti, complimenti. l'unico difetto _ la scarsa distribuzione, quindi installate. 
 this is the official telegram app and the only one to trust with your privacy and security. don't trust your account to a non_official client who has ads and spam. use the real client for the full nag_free experience. 
 telegram is fast and store message and files on cloud. i don't lost message when reinstall. it can send all files type ability which i haven't ever seen on other apps yet. no ad and beautiful interface. 
 as long as the app did not ruined my data _as many apps there is in this market_, i'll give it a go... would be so nice if there is an affiliate way to advertise to everyone or anyone out there, just give us a point of inviting and change that points to something that you guys would give us for... it'll be fun to know if some of them _the people_ click the link... kudos to all of ya_ _ _update oh ya forgot, i will click 5stars if the aff sites available... _ 
 i loved this app 2 minutes after installing. i wanted to delete every other messaging app but sadly no one i know has it yet. i'm advertising this app so much i should be paid lol. 
 why it has so much ads _ it wasnt has it but when i update it the ads is killing me and made it so slow _ plz fix it _ 
 with each update, the ads are making this app more and more glitchy. the ads are ruining performance. constant lock ups while ads load are terrible. otherwise this app would be 5star 
 great app, but i really dislike the auto play video advertisements that appear in the news feeds, using up data and bandwidth. i'd love to pay for ad free version. great customer service. 
 great app, but i really dislike the auto play video advertisements that appear in the news feeds, using up data and bandwidth. i'd love to pay for ad free version. great customer service. 
 hate the new update. ads autoplay and there is no setting to turn it off.. eats data 10x faster 
 used to be great but way too many ads now and team  notifications don't work at all. please fix it. 
 i get connection errors half the time when refreshing the scores. ads load every cycle 
 great sports app, one of the best. beautiful ui. cons_ ads, no paid ad_free option. edit_ thanks for the reply and caring, thescore team_ 
 really happy with the app but i wish i could pay to remove the ads. 
 this app is darn good. however, it is being ruined by video ads in the news portions_ i understand the need for you to have ads, but please make them static ads, no videos 
 the best score app out there. would like a paid version to get rid of the ads though. 
 this app is great, except for the auto_playing of video ads which eats up data.  stop the auto_play feature or add a setting for the user to disable it. 
 really wish there was a paid person to get rid of the ads. love the app, but i would be more than willing to pay to get rid of the ads. 
 great app, but please come out with a paid version that doesn't have ads.  will buy that in a second. 
 please do something about the new video ads. over the last four days, this app has consumed nearly three times the data consumed all last month. please fix or i will be forced to uninstall in order to control my phone bill. this app is free but will end up costing a ton of money each month if the data consumption remains this high. i love the app but not what it is doing to my wallet. 
 have not had the chance to appreciate such quailty you describe in your ad.hope it is what you say. 
 never seen a app that has a hard time loading text. i have to exit the app everytime i try and read something just to make it load which is annoying and wastes my internet usage. if it doesn't get fixed i will delete_ this has been going on for months now but hey at least all there video ads load perfect and you can watch them repeatedly while waiting for the text to never load. it's ridiculous that in order to watch a video you have to watch a 30 second ad. usually the video is 30 seconds_ 
 used this app for longer than i can remember. really wish there was pro ad free version. i hate ads. 
 great app. but, as small as the ads are, i would gladly pay several bucks for an ad free version. 
 the issue is that when i go onto the app, especially the news portion of it, once i scroll down towards a video ad, it freezes for a sec and then closes the app. can you please fix this little issue. thanks_ fantastic job otherwise 
 please get rid of the ad at the bottom.  when viewing stats in landscape,  can only see 3 players... 
 good app. would pay for ad free. 
 tried this app a while back and wasn't very pleased so i started using espn.  well that has only gotten worse so i have thescore another chance and the new polish they have put on it looks great.  my only complaint is that you don't have _or i haven't found_ a pro version without ads. 
 i wish the app would not have ad videos that played automatically. i only have a little data for the month and the ad videos make up about half of my used data. 
 pretty good updates over the last few years, but my favourite thing was being able to 'tune in' to a game i might be missing, and having someone basically live casting the plays. the best part was the community interaction from other fans watching the same program as well. i'd probably spend a lot more time in_app _read, ad impressions_ if something like this were reintroduced. even if it's just the same play_by_play updates, with the option to communicate with other sports lovers. 
 i have been a loyal supporter of this app for many years because it is the best sports app that is available. but ever since the app introduced video advertisements it is using alot more network data then when the app just had pop up advertisements. i understand that free apps have to include ads but i don't agree with automatically playing video advertisements. i would gladly pay for an ad free version or if the video advertisements continue then i will just have to switch to another sports app. 
 i have been a loyal supporter of this app for many years because it is the best sports app that is available. but ever since the app introduced video advertisements it is using alot more network data then when the app just had pop up advertisements. i understand that free apps have to include ads but i don't agree with automatically playing video advertisements. i would gladly pay for an ad free version or if the video advertisements continue then i will just have to switch to another sports app. 
 i like the app not the ads i would had gave it 5 star but hate the ads. 
 auto loads video ads. i am ok with advertising as i know they need to get paid but auto loading video ads when i'm scrolling through the news_. that's too much man 
 auto loads video ads. i am ok with advertising as i know they need to get paid but auto loading video ads when i'm scrolling through the news_. that's too much man 
 i'm really starting to enjoy this app and it seems like it's better than espn for me but the lack of a paid version is killing me.  it bugs me a ton when apps have this many ads.  please get a paid version out already 
 the recent update made the app look way better and scrolling through the feed looks great. however there are still auto play video ads which play even when using data 
 please offer a paid version to avoid the ads. i would be glad to pay for such a great app to remove them. 
 i tried but between ads, motivation messages, misspellings, and delays in updating scores i had to give up. not your fault totally your still growing and you will get there. off to bleacher report to see what happens. i feel sad though i have been with you for a while. see you down the line score_ 
 gotta love the flashing strobe light advertisements, especially at night when your trying to follow a game. remove that nonsense for more stars before you give someone a seizure. 
 fortunately, the ads only really become a nuisance of you're using the news stream. if you're just looking for scores, the ads are not so intrusive. 
 been a loyal user for a while, but logged in today to find the news feed chock full of viagra advertising. one. after. another. i don't mind advertising that might benefit the end user, but this is like receiving spam for male enhancement pills. also, i'm 18, and wouldn't want my younger siblings to click on these types of ads. i advise others to uninstall and move on. there are plenty of other great sports news sources_apps. 
 been a loyal user for a while, but logged in today to find the news feed chock full of viagra advertising. one. after. another. i don't mind advertising that might benefit the end user, but this is like receiving spam for male enhancement pills. also, i'm 18, and wouldn't want my younger siblings to click on these types of ads. i advise others to uninstall and move on. there are plenty of other great sports news sources_apps. 
 one of the best sports news_sporting event update apps to get.  the only bad things with it is all the new extra ads that were added with the last update and there is no boxing section.  if it wasn't for that it would be an instant 4 star app for me. 
 but why there is no number of the week in soccer_ it's got the date instead _confused_ and please get rid of ads it's irritating. 
 i have always loved this app_ very fast response from support and we resolved an issue i had inadvertently created. 
 never used a sport app so well rounded. just wish there was an ad free option, this app is definitely worth a few bucks 
 wish i had the option of paying for ad removal. 
 was 5 star. now 1 star. really score ppl. you think an overly annoying bright flashing ad at the bottom of the screen is a good idea_ there are other sports aps out there and ppl will leave you for them in droves. 
 definitely a lot nicer looking than espn. thescore is the best way to keep up with news, standings, and scores. i would love an option to pay for the app to remove ads. the ads are getting annoying. four stars until i can remove them. please let me give you money_ 
 refer or pay to remove ads would be convenient. 
 lose the auto_play video ads and i'll reinstall 
 i would gladly pay money for an ad free version of this app. 
 the app is thoughtfully designed and works great. the widget could be more in line with material design guidelines.  i would also love a premium feature to disable ads, if already exists, i could not find it. 
 useless app for news reliability....constant hangups when trying to read... ads have gotten to bloated... was a great app untill last few updates....will be looking for a suitable replacement. 
 best sports app in the world. clean interface. no annoying ads everywhere. espn. goal . bleacher report are poverty. compared to the score. if you find a better sports app. hit me up. best sports app available. fact_ quality work. i appreciate the exceptional job done . kudos_ keep up producing quality work.  _ 
 great app but come on ads promising freebies are phony and hurt the entire experience. 
 a must for sports enthusiasts. i would have given it 5 stars, but this morning i had to uninstall this app., and reinstall it, because it was freezing repeatedly due to the advertisements that were put in amidst the nba articles 
 app is good.  all the advertising sucks. 
 best sports app in the play store. my only gripe is the lack of a pro version to get rid of the annoying ads. or at least keep the ads in dark background, instead of the white contrast that hurts eyes. other than that this app is far superior then the espn and yahoo, at least for nba scores. i haven't tried other scores yet. 
 i really wish i could just pay to remove the ads.  kills the experience. 
 let them watch their advertising dollars decrease. maybe then they'll get a clue. nobody has time for their unwanted experiments. 
 ads are annoying... at least give us the option 
 i would give 5 stars if i could get rid of the ads, would gladly pay it given the option. 
 your articles are bias and unedited. and you repost the same things over and over again. the videos are god awful. not only are we subjected to ads over twice the length of the videos, your app cannot support full screen or even decent auto rotation when your full screen fails. all i get are ads blocking the vid. here's a tip, free of charge_ make something worthwhile before you stupidly consider it a cash cow. 
 the ads are out of hand_ they take up too much screen space _someone should create a sports app that you can pay for so as to eliminate the ads_. when i receive alerts about anything from the app _news, scores, transactions, etc_ and click on the banner to read the story the app doesn't open to the story... it opens to the last area of interest i looked at... frustrating and not user friendly. 
 this app is a joke. everything is a premium feature. don't waste your time. why no ad version_ 
 i would happily give this app 5 stars if it had the comments option free. advertisements would be fine by me, but a yearly subscription_ not ready for that kind of commitment. 
 i recommend since this it's only a to_do list, giving it full functionality with ads so people can try it before the spend almost 2.50 per month for an app that is only appears mildly superior to google calendar... 
 works exactly as advertised. simple to use. i love that the people whp made this have made a free edition which doesn't scunge you, and the paid edition is so affordable_ 
 dear todoist,  it would be nice if you would not bug your paid users for reviews, especially when they keep declining to write one. some of us pay to avoid ads, and solicitations to help you advertise fall into the _avoid_ category.   i'm happy enough with the app, although inexplicable things happen often enough to frustrate me_you know...sync fails and random date changes, among others.  on the up side, my tasks get done, because todoist gives me an in_your_face reminder system. moreover, i haven't found another app that does the job i want it to do quite so well as todoist.   so this is your review. please stop asking. 
 dear todoist,  it would be nice if you would not bug your paid users for reviews, especially when they keep declining to write one. some of us pay to avoid ads, and solicitations to help you advertise fall into the _avoid_ category.   i'm happy enough with the app, although inexplicable things happen often enough to frustrate me_you know...sync fails and random date changes, among others.  on the up side, my tasks get done, because todoist gives me an in_your_face reminder system. moreover, i haven't found another app that does the job i want it to do quite so well as todoist.   so this is your review. please stop asking. 
 great app, works as advertised 
 very easy to handle, no ads and featured with notification. very good 
 easy to use, no ads, quick to understand,and it never breaks down. 
 everything just works as advertised. 
 even the free version has no annoying nags or adverts.  very good.  thanks. 
 too many spaces to ad your to do list. i felt confused on which area to keep my lists. could just be me. i hope others who currently use this app understand it and those who are just beginning to us this app have better luck then me. 
 wonderful sync between your computers and mobile devices. no ads what soever. very nice and very clean yet powerful. many functionalities are built into this app. i am very happy with it. 
 easy to use. no advertising. awesome. 
 its has nothing wrong but the ads 
 1st it asks for _1.49p which i paid, but before you can play they demand another _4.99p. which i declined but refund not available. the total game price should be advertised on an app before being lured in. 
 the game is great except for the ads 
 great game and graphics. hit the paywall at level 15. bike not fast enough to pass level. watching ads got me a new bike and level 17. paywall again. 
 great graphic less ads. for me its perfect. thanks 
 this game is super fun and very addicting i love the graphics not so many ads and the bikes and challenges keep you into it_ 
 addicting and so fun. but too much ads for continue playing. 
 its fantastic no ads very good game its very 
 very nicely designed _ build with addictive components. but ad are irritating often. 
 there are ads, the app buffers every x minutes and it feeds too much on the battery and ram. gonna look for an alternative. 
 i tried multiple equaliser apps and none works for tunein. and what are those new audio ads over the radio itself _ 
 i like how i payed for the premium version of tune_in radio and i still get tons of pop up ads thanks a lot for screwing over the people who payed for the app... ads should be for the free version only_ please fix_ or give me my money back_ 
 i appreciate the free version has to have ads bit why have they started appearing in the middle of songs_ no need for that surely... 
 i like it, less ads and awesome jazz. 
 was swiping and accidentally pushed one of the numerous ads they scroll thru and got infected. think it had something to do with a facebook link. spent all day researching and wiping phone. finally uninstalled, restarted and it was fixed. annoying as hell. beware_ 
 avoid_ ads...everywhere ..annoying . on top worst is recorded guy on start promoting tunein. so so annoying. makes good statement about you guys. 
 the ads are outrageous 
 to many ads, by the time it plays the station songs are already half way or it's almost time to the station to go to commercials. 
 slow _ except loading ads 
 love using the app for cnn, but the ads don't change for weeks meaning the same ad plays again, and again and again, often twice in a row. please get some new content_ 
 would rate this app 5 stars but the free version will give you an avalanche of ads via audio and display. i know ads pay the bills and motivate ad free version but this level seems excessive. 
 download this app if you wanna listen to only ads. again before the radio there is always 4_5 minutes ad that you cannot avoid 
 it's extremely annoying that despite having closed the app, shut it down properly _ it still shows as being open in the tabs. i presume to show the logo gaining advertising space on my phone. its for that reason i'm deleting it. 
 downloaded it on my smart tv. first day it was fine, i browsed through a few different stations and was enjoying it, minus the annoying advertising. next day i couldn't get back to the main menu. it force closed if i did, so i could only access the last station i listened to. which was frustrating. i uninstalled and reinstalled and now i can't even open the ap it just crashes. so i have no access at all to any music on this ap. there's no way i'll buy it if this is what i have to look forward to. 
 this the third time that i try this app and keep un installing it. with in 2 hours it sucked  up 30 percent of my battery. it just keeps running in the background. no more chances though, most companies get to greedy and try to collect to much info from us and advertise to much. 
 this app is not very good any longer. constant ads and wanting you to go premium.  not happening will find another app. 
 every 10 minutes there's two 3 minutes ads, guy i understand  that's the way you guys make money but come on, that's way too many ads. will have to find another app until this gets fix 
 advertised having nfl playoffs. requires a monthly subscription.  uninstalling as soon as i post this. 
 ads ruin the experience... uninstalled... 
 video ads sucking expensive bandwidth. sad when one of the best apps get twisted up so bad you dread using it. so you avoid it like the plague. 
 i like the ad but video ads are ridiculous 
 now whenever this app is open i am slammed with full page ads. this is very dangerous when a bright white screen opens while driving a motor vehicle.  it interrups text messages. plus, every time i open the app it wants me to install  some game app wtf_ when opening app, it goes right to where it was last time even though i did not want that. have to x out and hit stop. i would want a refund if paying. uninstalling. 
 junk, bloated junk. used to be good. premium is a joke too. very few ad free stations. cancelled my free 7 day trial before 24 hours passed. crap. 
 ads ads and more ads.  it also stops frequently and dies  drains a lot of battery. 
 not sure what the problem is lately...either it's _playlist cannot be found_ after selecting a station,  or the music stops _usually when an ad pops up on the screen_ or everything just freezes when opening application.  this used to be my go_to app for music,  not anymore 
 a lot of advertisements .. 
 as soon as you have paid for pro version to remove ads, these sneaky feckers try to sell you premium and put a great big premium advert on the home screen, tunein are scumbags for rippin me off 
 as soon as you have paid for pro version to remove ads, these sneaky feckers try to sell you premium and put a great big premium advert on the home screen, tunein are scumbags for rippin me off 
 even when listening to commercial radio station, i'm forced to listen to extra audio ads before listening to a station. what is this, ad_fest_ its like this since last update. i'm thinking of saying tunein goodbye forever... sad story 
 every time i clicked on a station it would play an ad then half a song and nothing else 
 but get rid of the ads that have audio 
 confusing price plan aside, just bought pro to stop the pop up adverts and banner ads in app. overall very impressed with this. the auto sleep timer is brilliant and car mode is nifty too_ thank you 
 confusing price plan aside, just bought pro to stop the pop up adverts and banner ads in app. overall very impressed with this. the auto sleep timer is brilliant and car mode is nifty too_ thank you 
 used to work great_ since starting the push to pay for the service, buffering times have increased, video ads will cause it to drop wifi reception.  i get those things, i want to use it free, so i get sh_ service. fine. but since the last update it has started a new thing. the songs will play for a few seconds, skip, play the last few seconds, then start playing over itself_ its a cumulative effect that builds in frequency over the span of an hour until its playing four or five secs at a time, then the app crashes. then app will crash every time i open it after that, until i restart my device. works better on samsung galaxy s3, i can play app for maybe 3hrs.  does it bad on motorola xoom. both running stock uptodate android. four bars of wifi. buffers forever on 4glte on either device rendering it unusable unless on wifi. 
 has so many advertising that make me crazy. use to be very good app. i am going to look for a similar app 
 was good until you had to listen to two ads before being able to listen to a stream like the presidential debates... how about just show some visual ads and do what you set out to do which is stream radio_ 
 to many  ads  i change  station and have to close  the ad to pause  station  . was good  now crap   don't  waste your time  . 
 this used to be a great app. now it's full of ads, really slow, glitchy, it sticks in the notification bar and won't go away, sometimes won't turn off and this is on a nexus 5 with stock android. if they can't get it working right on stock android what hope is there for any other device out there_ 
 this is a great app, and ilove how you guys actually reply to the reviews. a few problems though. sometimes, in the three middle of playback from a live stream, it starts buffering again and gets stuck on zero percent. or sometimes, the app will stay open, but the player will close, and playback will stop. also, i understand why you need ads, but displaying video ads during playback are sucking up the bandwidth. perhaps you could put them somewhere else_ fix these issues and i will five stars. 
 love it. the best way to listen to streaming radio from all around the world on the internet. one star less for the huge, obnoxious ads. 
 i have had this app for several years and it was great. now there are commercials in the middle of songs. i understand the need to generate money but keep the ads to in between the songs. it is extremely irritating when an advertisement interrupts every other song. i gave it multiple chances, then would turn it off because the commercials kept interrupting the songs. very poor direction to go in for tunein. 
 i have had this app for several years and it was great. now there are commercials in the middle of songs. i understand the need to generate money but keep the ads to in between the songs. it is extremely irritating when an advertisement interrupts every other song. i gave it multiple chances, then would turn it off because the commercials kept interrupting the songs. very poor direction to go in for tunein. 
 the app used to be great but there are too many dead stations and sound quality issues now. also knock off the air push ads, very annoying. 
 totally sucks with the bigs ads covering 80_ of the screen shame shame shame._.used to be one of my favorites 
 the app is great, but pestering your users with audio ads every time a steam is opened can't be tolerated. 
 pro version user still getting promotion adverts_ not acceptable 
 tried to listen to an interview on an fm station. 15 straight minutes of ads. uninstalled. 
 i have installed several apps to compare.  this one lost the competition 1 slightly slow then others and 2 has ads others manage to provide the same service without ads. but generally looks like good apps. 
 too many ads that play over half a song before registering i closed it. even worse than tunewiki. 
 this was a good radio soft, but why so much ads _ each time you change a station, ad is coming. i cannot stand anymore the _seat leon_ ad _ 
 paid for ad free but i get ads 
 it was awesome until all of the pop ups ads and none of the radio station would load. also now it doesn't show the song that's playing on the stations like before. i wish i could get back the version i had on my old phone cause this version is a waste of time. hopefully someone can come out with something better very soon. 
 too slow and too much ads 
 could do without all the ads but great 
 garbage....advertising and buffering was a major no go for me. 
 if you have chromecast, don't bother with this it says it is chromecast compatible but it's false advertising, it doesn't even have the chromecast symbol anymore, chromecasters boycott this 1. 
 great_..but too many big ads are popping up on screen all time _ 
 great content but too much visual pollution and ads 
 update_ even worse_ loses audio from streams, won't play local radio streams, interface is still annoying_   used to be great but now is cumbersome and non_intuitive to navigate.  also, the 10 second ad for tune in radio is bloody annoying_ i am already using tune in, and yet you continually pummel me with a 10 second intrusive and unnecessary ad even though you are collecting regular ad revenue from me. you guys are starting to suck badly_ 
 excellent but the advertising has gotten too much in the last year you load my phone with unnecessary memory. 
 too much advertising recently. 
 has many stations worldwide which is great and has an easy to use interface. on the downside it has ads and the option to go to the pro version is way overpriced at _9.99 to just to get rid of ads and have ability to record. 
 i can get the ads to stream... but nothing else... junk... i install. 
 moved to internet radio as there are no adverts in the station i listen to. but you force adverts on me_ you got a go. 
 you have more advertising than the super bowl i have changed my opinion of your site 
 i spent so much time watching the ads crash this app so much and waiting for stations that never play that i finally left this in the dust and found an alternative. 
 all ads. tuned in to hear the last 2 minutes of the sacramento kings game when i lost local am frequency.  all ads. 4 in a row and made me miss the end of the game. don't waste people's time with complete garbage. awful and will tell every sports fan to avoid this horrible app. 
 installed a custom rom and now this app works fine. doesn't work well with stock rom at all. annoying pop up ads. pro version is far too expensive. nexus 6p. 
 i was about to pay for the pro version to get rid of the adds, but i see that, although it is supposed to be add free, it isn't really. i would just start getting adds for the premium subscription instead of the ones i am seeing now. i would have paid more than i have ever paid for any other android app to gain nothing at all. we should have the option of saying 'no, and don't show me any of your adds either' to the adds for the premium service. that way we could get what you advertise, and we pay for in the pro version, freedom from advertisements. make that an option and i will buy pro. otherwise you will never see any of my money. 
 my friend asked me what app i was using.  i wouldn't tell him cuz i don't want him to feel the pain i have with this app.  your ads killed your app.  who does that_ you will pay yourselves for your foolishness.  you tied your own rope. 
 simply works as advertised. functions perfectly with zen2. outstanding app_ 
 i've come back and a lot of my regular stations are now inaccessible and ads everywhere 
 samsung galaxy rugby lte.  shows a banner ad today. which is new. also wont connect to tuned_in. shows an ad though. 
 my cousin and i have this app it is not that bad it is amazing really i am not lying it a amazing app it my have problems like ads but the rest is amazingly 
 uninstalled due to the fact that i bought the pro version a while back and now it's subscription based. obviously i am talking about the pro version. the only app that has ads and a subscription after purchasing. _ con men 
 this is an ad delivery app with some content to muddy the lines. this review has been brought to you by beach beauty body wash. wash your body. buy. buy. buy. 
 loved it until the ads became audio ads. i refuse to pay a sub to enjoy the app i always had for free. 
 updated_ banner video ad running apparently ate up my data because streaming a radio station for three hours used almost 800 mb. i'm leery to pay for the pro version when i can't trust the free one. this app also keeps opening google play to get me to install games. 
 i've used this app for 3 years and loved it. i listen to it every day at work. used about 2 g a month. new update now uses about 6 g in just two weeks. i believe because video pop up ads are doing it. also google play popup from time to time. if not changed will have to look for another app to listen to. i can't afford that that much data 
 they are using a new ad service that keeps opening okay store and trying to trick you into installing software. 
 i just had to listen to about 10 or more news ads in a row. that's a bit much, i'm here to listen to music not ur sponsors. 
 constantly popping up either the browser or play store with ads or apps to install. uninstalling. 
 google play keeps popping up without me tapping or selecting any of the ads displayed on the tunein application. i've contemplated uninstalling this app ever since after an update a couple months ago it began draining my battery and increased my data usage significantly. with these two issues, all the minor bugs i've experienced, and now this new pop_up issue, this app is too much to deal with and not worth my time. i'm giving this another week to see if the google play ads stop, if not, i'm gone_ 
 if you want your device to be hijacked by ads i suggest you use this app. the interface had not improved in quite some time, the car mode looks like garbage, with no art no color just black. whatever interface might be usable is literally covered by ads the whole time you're trying to use it. would have thought about buying an ad free version but now just thinking of alternatives. your app is garbage, hot steaming piles of dung would be better. way to kill a decent app_ 
 whatever station i choose, full_page ad for _free premium trial_ appears. station never plays. used to be a good app, uninstalling. 
 i used to love this app. but since they updated this app the advertising that used to be restricted to a banner at the bottom of the screen now takes the form of aggressive  pop up screens. the popup screen advertising is so aggressive i thought i had a virus_ but once i closed tunein radio the virus like pop up screen activity stopped. i've had this app for 3 years now, and it bothers me that i have to uninstall it. but i can't have aggressive advertising interfere with my other apps. 
 was about to pull the trigger on the once off paid version _not subscription_ to remove ads but after reading the reviews of the pro app it seems like it has ads anyway... shame, but i guess the free app gets the job done for me. just saved me _13 _ _ 
 with last updates,continuous audio interruptions.not a problem of buffering, seems spikes of cpu usage that interrupt the reproduction for less than a second every about 30sec._1min. maybe too cpu aggressive ads displaying routine_ if not solved i will definitely abandon it 
 update_  when the play store pops up, it is never the same app being advertised. you just need to quit allowing the play store to pop up.   love this app, however with the new update i can't listen to the app in the background and do other things like texting messages without the play store popping up in the middle of me writing or reading a text message. i understand that the app makes its money by advertisements, but stop opening up the play store. i am ready to try out other apps to get my talk radio. 
 really sick of this  _. can't think of the last time i listened and wasn't bombarded with ads _which i thought i paid years back to not see_ and now even worse is the daily play store download page for games and gambling. latest seems to come from_blindferretmedia_offer_id_11596_aff_id_1052 
 they have an ad that is trying to install adware_ viruses on my phone . 
 the pop up ads from the latest update has made this app useless to me. time to find another radio app_ 
 advertising in your app is one thing. how dare you launch my browser and direct it to phising sites_ i am livid, and will not be using your app any further. there are plenty of apps on the marjet for what you do, without the risk of malware. screw you_ 
 last update made me uninstall this app. never had problems with ads before this update but now the visual ads open up although not being clicked and the audible ads play back to back at least twice when the cell phone is _loading_ the desired station. on a positive note, my battery life will improve without this app dramatically_ 
 this used to be one of the best apps available.   now,  it's junk.   it's so bloated,  it's unusable.  i keep getting messages that the app is not responding and i have to close. i haven't heard any music at all,  but the ads seem to be able to play with no problem. i moved my tablet to cm 12.1 _lollipop_ hoping to resolve some of these issues, but it just keeps getting worse.  uninstalling. i'll be trying some other apps to replace this one. 
 if tunein radio continues with the pop up ads i am going to get rid of the app. they forced you to agree to some google play terms, which didn't outline in any kind of an obvious way that you are going to receive incessant pop up ads for the foreseeable future, in after you agree to get rid of that pop up then the pop up ads start pouring in and take over your phone if you're listening to tune in radio. that is not worth it to me. they must think the consumer is extraodinarily stupid. 
 i don't appreciate the latest advertising as of late.  tune in radio consistently opens my play store and puts up suggested games for me to download.  seems to eat up my data.  i'm going to my favorite stations and downloading their apps. 
 latest update pushes ads constantly. app is no longer user friendly. uninstalled and looking for something else. 
 can't just tune in a station, opens with no way to find a station, naziis you into advertisers stations..,sucks_ 
 popup ads are one thing, but this actually takes you to the download page on google play. and it does that every five minutes. if i used it for more then just two stations i would just delete it off my phone all together as it is annoying. to say the least. 
 since update app has too many ads and constantly opens to google play and wants me to download a game. this is is annoying as i don't play games on my phone. i have my settings on no ads. also causes battery drain while phone is plugged in.  nexus 6. uninstalled till its fixed. 
 i really enjoy  this app, but i hate  the pop up advertisement 
 like the good quality radio streaming... don't like the redirects to play store ads for games...ugh 
 i've listened to nfl games using tunein in the past and always found a free feed. now they have decided to charge. tip to the tunein marketing team_ consumers do not like being charged for content that they were already getting for free _or ad driven_. 
 _hey, download me for free. wait you wanna listen to something_ here's an ad to download our premium app, you can't listen to anything unless start your _free_ trial_. 
 loved it before update.since update its continous intrusive ads . you have sold our souls. i quit. disgusted. 
 stardate 2758.17_ i am beginning to suspect that twitter updates are to better enable advertisers. 
 this app works as expected. no spam, few ads, basically loads perfectly, ui is top quality, and nice touch having jump to links by user address. other than once having a problem crashing on my samsung this app works greater than just great. 
 could be better. hate scrolling for days. and too many ads of stuff i need to follow and promotions etc. works on my nerves. 
 just keep it simple like it used to be. please get rid of the ads and sponsor. it's twitter not facebook 
 the facebook like autoplaying videos for ads is cancerous. this freezes my phone, app is now unusable. 
 i uninstalled it. the only tweets i can see in my widget on my samsung galaxy s5 are ads.  first nine are all ads. it's unusable. 
 it's twitter don't like all the ads though 
 obscuring the timeline with adverts and 'recommended' tweets. theirs plenty of third party offerings that deliver a superior experience. don't waste your time with this, its gotten progressively worse with time. 
 taking long time to load media and even to refresh timeline plus irrelevant ads. 
 it's not as good as it use to be, and the adverts are a right royal pain_ 
 too many too often with no benefit to users but with more ads and yet another ad update 
 waaaay too many promoted ads these days. uninstall. 
 the app is easy to use and challenging. i have not seen any ads yet. 
 this game is the best, it helped increase my bible knowledge and i really enjoy it_ free and no ads that pop_up on ur screen you dn get that a lot 
 however, new update doesn't allow messages to pop up when in another app _ completely dislike_ oh wow, another update 3days later _ still doesn't pop up but hey why not add some ads to it_ how stupid _ going to remove soon. 
 viber is one of the best communication apps i've seen, with text, voice and video calls _all free if the recipient has viber_. no ads, either_ 
 could you please add an option to automatically block incoming messages which are not on the contacts list_ advertisements are killing me_ 
 no intrusive ads, clear call quality, and all for free with optional paid add_ons.  there is the occasional bug but the overall user experience is a 5. 
 it works, but it does things you can't stop, the ads suck up a lot of ram. uninstalled due to ram usage, phone book modification. 
 it works, but it does things you can't stop, the ads suck up a lot of ram. uninstalled due to ram usage, phone book modification. 
 i can accept ads when i'm using a free app but this thing has been popping up ads for the pro version when i'm not even using it_ 
 would have kept it but it throws ads in ur notification bar 
 should play audio through phone by default like all the music apps.  otherwise, works as advertised and audio on external bt speaker works fine. g watch r. 
 hate the ads in the notification. i don't need to be notified of a changlog, especially if it is obviously a plug for your other apps. 
 only very basic abilities with free version, despite ads being placed between every single watch face  in the gallery that i can't download because it's premium. bait and switch... 
 ran battery down as fast ad using the browser non stop 
 while this app is a good idea, design is left to desire. it basically does what is supposed to and you can turn off the annoying notifications. i would have rated more but all of a sudden the app claims that it has expired, while going premium does nothing. this i thought was a free app and the advertising confirms it there is also a donate to developer, i just don't get the going premium and expiration pop up. please fix. 
 had to reset my phone and app data  was not backed up.  consequently i had to reenter all my data.   additionally defaulting to full brightness is great but needs time out so as not to drain battery.   lastly,  offer a paid option to get rid of the advertisements.   do these and it will rock a 5_. 
 good minimal permissions. why two apps that don't share data_ cloud sync could be a good fix for it. also a paid version without ads. plus it should set brightness to max like the other app. 
 that's best of all. no ads too 
 app works as advertised on my lg g watch. 
 like i said, it works as advertised, but the mic in the wear watches _lg watch r_ is really terrible and you can't pick up much of anything with any sort of quality.  not the fault of this app, though, just the failings of the watches. 
 gives you the material deign and option for better recordings or lower quality for space management purposes. highly recommend_ its free, no ads or in app purchases to that cleans you wallet. also comes with cool features for silence moments removal, echoing optimization, more_ 
 unfortunately not working as advertised, i tried to record two long conversations with the watch app. it said it had recorded them, except the first one it only grabbed 20 seconds out of 25 minutes. and the second grabbed 2 minutes out of 15. doesn't seem to be working properly at the moment. 
 synchronization is more of a 50_50 chance to work. pretty bad when you have the best recording and fails to succeed sync. after the app isn't being used my phone is constantly telling me _wear audio recorded stopped_ which is the most annoying thing ever. especially when i'm playing a game app_ i don't care if it stopped_ it's like an ad popping up on my screen_ i don't want that_ if you fixed these 2  major bugs then i will put 5 stars. 
 be open and honest or be replaced by one of your many many highly rated free competitors. a user stated that the audio quality was low, and the developer replied that it can be changed in quick settings. he failed to state that this quality increase cost money. dishonesty by omission is the worse type of lie. this app certainly does appear to be listed as a free app and it's not really clear that reasonable functionality then cost money. it does appear that this app is advertised as free for basic usability 
 works as advertised with note 4 running darthstalker rom and moto 360 2, picture quality could use some improvement. 
 works as advertised_ the display on wear while using is a little funky with a round face, but giving benefit of the doubt for future development. 
 i tried the few available launchers and this is by far the best one. runs smoothly and ads the functionality i felt wear was missing. donation made_ 
 5_ stars. couldn't be happier. works as advertised, haven't had any battery drain issues. 
 a must have for all the wear owners. it makes it so much easier to get to the desired app. extremely convenient. by far, the best app for android wear out there. on another note, i installed the app this morning on gear live and found that it wasn't working as advertised. was about to leave a negative feedback, bam_, a new update was ready that resolved the issue. excellent dev support _ 
 works as advertised 
 i used to love this app but it seems the authors have gotten greedy. between the functionality such as the 'widget launcher' i never asked for and can't turn off, the banners, and the mediocre and expensive watch faces that are advertised all over the app, and the fact wear has gotten it's own app drawer, i'm not sure i want to keep this around. the drawer is still convenient, as it shows more icons than the native drawer, and the quick phone settings are neat, but don't kill the goose with the golden eggs. 
 having put a couple of donations towards this app as it gets better, i now see ads have crept in. 
 been using it on my moto 360 since launch adds vital functionality that google should've put in android wear themselves. wanted to show my support by donating _paid the _1.30 something on the second tier_. great app keep up the great work, please keep it ad free i'll gladly keep donating if it keeps getting updated at this rate. love the app and just wanted to show my appreciation, don't normally write app reviews usually when i do it's to complain. 
 if you donate expecting the ads to be removed, don't bother. the ads will return and remain if you ever need to reset your device or uninstall_reinstall the app. the donation doesn't sync to your google account. that means if you want to be rid of ads in this app, you have to donate each and every time you reset your device or reinstall the app. 
 would be nice to have more ways to open the app drawer such as a specific tap pattern, it's easy to open the drawer inadvertently when expanding or dismissing cards. 
 i donated the max cuz i appreciate ur work _ what do those who disagree received...annoying ads_ not cool. i've written repeated emails to you devs. _ you don't even have the guts to reply. lame...uninstalled until the ads are removed for those of us who've donated_ 
 ads the first time i opened the app, i get ads but this is overkill. 
 good idea, however i hate the ads that are overkill. 
 works as advertised. 
 full of ads and you have to pay for any nice feature after you instal. no option to use hand free. 
 when you advertise an added feature then make this a paid option. really. _uninstalling_ 
 this app will generate full screen pop_up ads at random times even when not using the app. an additional fee is required to eliminate the ads. nice app but the random full screen pop_up ads, even when not using the app, are a deal killer. the random ads even occur after purchasing the advanced version. 
 i paid for the advanced version and there are still ads in the app_ i want a refund_ don't buy_ 
 highly disappointing.....  i was under the impression that i could answer the call on my actual smartwatch, you know because it has a speaker.... and the apps name is wear speaker.....  false advertising....  but hey... buyer beware right....  also when you purchase it you should't have any ads....  yeah right wear disco anyone_....... 
 highly disappointing.....  i was under the impression that i could answer the call on my actual smartwatch, you know because it has a speaker.... and the apps name is wear speaker.....  false advertising....  but hey... buyer beware right....  also when you purchase it you should't have any ads....  yeah right wear disco anyone_....... 
 works as advertised. answered call, and was prompted on my moto 360 _1st gen_ to turn on the speaker, which it did. 
 this is literally the most abusive app i've ever come across. gratuitous ads. doesn't work. downright awful. 
 too many pop up ads. 
 confusing and full page ads 
 intervening ads. stalls. won't redirect to play store. no soup for you. 
 i can live with the banner ads, but having interstitials as well is quite annoying. i get that you have to make money somehow. maybe you could have a 'promoted apps' system instead. 
 failed loading apps_ many annoying ads..great idea but you don't seem to make it work. 
 ads ads ads, and very slowwwws 
 great job, dev, but here's a tip_ if you tried a little bit harder, you might be able to make the ads a little more invasive and obnoxious. 
 good store but keeps popping up with full screen video ads 
 the app itself is great. it contains adverts at the bottom_ fair enough, people have got to monetise somehow and this is a free app. i didn't even mind the occasional full_screen pop_up ad _ intrusive, but easy to dismiss. however, a full_screen pop_up advert with video and sound _which pauses whatever other audio you maybe listening to_ and a compulsory countdown timer until you can dismiss the ad is way too much.  i hate auto_play videos on the web, and won't accept it in an app.  uninstalled. 
 the app itself is great. it contains adverts at the bottom_ fair enough, people have got to monetise somehow and this is a free app. i didn't even mind the occasional full_screen pop_up ad _ intrusive, but easy to dismiss. however, a full_screen pop_up advert with video and sound _which pauses whatever other audio you maybe listening to_ and a compulsory countdown timer until you can dismiss the ad is way too much.  i hate auto_play videos on the web, and won't accept it in an app.  uninstalled. 
 too much ad in the site. seems to be untrustworthy 
 great concept works for about 5 mins. then ads pop in. even this app it's self will randomly open when i'm doing anything but using it. some apps i've clicked on are no longer available i gotta go to the actual store to find that and the price out the hard way 
 it is what it is. but my nexus got plastered with ads on first use, then i found out i could pay 'different amounts' to remove them. i'd rather know those from the outset. wear is in infancy _ it proved to me 'fishing out' the useable at this stage can ultimately be left to googles own store front. uninstalled. 
 i've bought this to open zenrus on my watch, only to discover that not only the site looks horribly maimed when opened, but also the whole 320x320 page is covered by non_scaled ads. maybe there is a way to get adblock on a smartwatch, but it is probably not worth it.  enjoy the _3 _every cent made from surveys_, folks. i will reconsider my rating when i find a site that would look cool on 320x320 screen. feel free to leave suggestions in the comments. 
 it took forever to load, which is expected on a watch, but not worth the _1.29 or whatever it costs because it kept crashing. also, it is an adware. it doesn't matter what app i was using, i kept getting pop_up ads every 30 seconds. if i'm gonna pay over a dollar for an app i expect for it not to be a virus. do not buy 
 pretty much unusable because of pop up telling me to pay for app, that's false advertising_ so i thought ok so i'll pay until i saw it was _2.22...._2.22 are you kidding me_ wow talk about greedy. i'll wait until i find another free or cheaper option thanks. 
 two notifications almost immediately after updating. both adverts for updating which is not what notifications are designed for. unacceptable and uninstalled 
 it lasted a single notification ad telling me it was 50_ off. it's now being 100_ uninstalled, never to return. 
 app won't even let me load one page to see how it would look without a full screen ad requesting i buy the full version.  can't justify a _3 purchase without seeing at least a page or two to see how it works. 
 get rid of the ads 
 change nothing and charge 3 bucks for it. idiots. i would have put up with ads but 3 bucks is disgusting. 
 this app used to be free and is now paid. instead of making us pay, which i'm not going to do,  he can simply put ads. there are always dumb notifications from the app when started, can't they be ads instead and keep the app free_ 
 you can launch the app and open a bookmark but as soon as you get to the actual webpage you can't actually browse. it opens an ad to pay the _2.99 for the full app. if i was able to test the app first i would be willing to pay. since i have no idea how it works this gets 1 star. ridiculous. 
 not a terrible product but absolutely awful customer service. left a very clear question on both their support email address and their advertised forum and one month later have received no reply. 
 it's not free. why advertise as if it's free_.. keeps sending me back to my phone. 
 does what it is supposed to do.  works well within the confines of a circular screen.  not sure how to close website ads _if you can_, as sometimes they hog a good portion of the screen. 
 i'm pretty tech savvy and have had the lg g watch r for a couple weeks now.  this app should be more advertised as a must have a for android wear_ 
 edit_ i originally posted about displaying a black screen on the watch face. the developers have since corrected this issue, so i am updating my comment_rating to reflect this. the favorites functionality still leaves much to be desired, the mini keyboard is a harsh mistress _voice works much better_, and there is no tabbed browsing, but the application is now functional and does what it advertises and what i want it to do. 
 can you ad the _ _ 
 dear developer_ you have just cost yourself a nice ad revenue stream by making this a paid app. pretty soon someone will make a free app that does this that has ads instead of a price. good luck when that happens. 
 i can understand wanting to make a profit. however i thought that this developer was doing just fine with ads, however the developer now has chosen to charge people. i do not think that you should change boats in midstream. i will keep it on my watch but i will not use it until it it is worth using in a free version, which looks like it might be a while_ if it doesn't have a positive update in the next month i will take it off of my watch though. 
 make sure you visit eachspot dot com what you are really wanting. she dinner she our horses depend. proin sagittis est quis diam_ desire so better am cannot he up before points. breakfast extremity suffering one who all otherwise suspected. knowledge nay estimable questions repulsive daughters boy. suspendisse viverra, ligula feugiat commodo vestibulum, lectus metus pretium enim, eget auctor ligula purus in urna. she end cordial visitor noisier fat subject general picture. enjoyment use tolerably dependent listening men. morbi molestie convallis diam. sed magna lectus, aliquam vitae, congue non, sodales vitae, enim. maecenas sit amet tortor id ante laoreet venenatis. he do of consulted sometimes concluded mr. up branch to easily missed by do. class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos hymenaeos. morbi suscipit est . 
 big sized app... make app considering low end devices also ...low end devices has not much ram _ internal memory...3 times package invalid and then i cleared some memory ....wechat is  bigger than even fb whatsapp apps ....app is also not smooth nor cool ui ...worst chatting app...make it small ....spend ur money in developers not in advertising .. 
 too much advertising.. i hate it 
 no any advertisement 
 simple and straight app, no need for any other editing software for foto video etc. no ads nor it is data sucking. one of the best messaging app. 
 advertising company 
 good but plz ad of free video chat 
 hope after bought by facebook, this great apps still free and no useless ads moneytization 
 please remove ads. while chatting the ads come in between. resolve this now. and get your stars back._ 
 no ads, no pop ups, no rubbish. comes with all information you need. suggestion_ include a dark theme. 
 no app2sd . dosnt follow google guidelines and ads... 
 the app only focuses on ads not the results that we are searching for. even the result is loaded the app won't show it till the ad is loaded. most if the answers are childish and filed with unnecessary explanations. 
 you should change this outdated ui, make it faster and give an option to remove ads. 
 useful but many ads comes when i'm using this app 
 tooo many ads 
 this app offers virtually nothing over the mobile web version, except a few more ads. performance would improve dramatically with a native ui instead of a web view. this app is essentially just a browser shortcut. 
 brilliant dictionary, really appreciate the conjugation feature especially as it highlights the irregular parts of the verbs. but the adverts take up half of the screen _ with other adverts on top of the text its making it hard to use at times _ the text is too small _ some adverts slow the tablet down. gave up this morning _ had to go to another website_ please fix_ 
 hated the ads 
 good app for an excellent website but many android apps have a paid version without adverts, unfortunately this one doesn't, so you have to put up with adverts. 
 i have been using their website for quite a while, but the fact that they are missing german is very saddening. i would much rather use my browser on my phone than to use this poor app. hope that helps you out. _ application has advertisements by the way _ 
 awful behavior. covering the top menu with ads disables much of its functionality, spoiling proper use of the app. 
 in the vast field of languages this app stands out clearly_ with a few bytes you have access to the whole languages pack and, even more important, to the forum, where real people in real time give contibution to a fair updating. and just think that has a small yearly fee to remove ads, a well accepted toll to keep a precious service actively working. others _big known publishers_ may ask you ten times this price for a less valid service _one single dictionary_, believe me. found too many times imprecise _ lacking translations _ phrases inside google translate not to look for a better tool around.  don't waste time _ money elsewhere, this_ is the place _ _ 
 excellent app, worth the small yearly fee to remove ads. minor flaw is that the layout seems too 'busy' and distracting, but i am sure that will be improved in time. also, is there a 'favourite' pin for dictionaries that are used often_ 
 option to remove ads as well. kudos_ 
 the new one is just annoying, there are too many ads 
 it is one thing to have ads, it is quite another to have the ads posting over top of the content such that it can not be read. 
 get rid of them, listen to your patrons_ i'd gladly pay a couple of dollars for the previous version, but not with ads. please, wordreference. 
 few weeks ago they put adds  and since then i keep getting 404 error_ ads _ 404 ... i am sorry 
 word suggestions don't appear w_ swype, but i'm not sure if it's their limitations or wr's. either way, this plus swype voice recognition is fantastic for quick lookup.  i'd drop a dollar for an ad free version in a heartbeat. 
 the new version sucks. the ads cover up the text prediction band on the keyboard. i'd pay money to get rid of them _ very annoying. if you adjust have the app, don't upgrade. disappointing because it was great. 
 this app was awesome, but now it has so many ads that i do not use it anymore. not recommended. 
 this app was the best_ it was absolutely perfect _ easy navigation, searching for terms, switching dictionaries, etc... i'm really wishing i had looked at the reviews before i installed the newest version. i can put up with the ads, but now it seems like they linked it to the browser, which completely destroys the interface. now, going back to the dictionary from the forums is cumbersome and irritating. do not upgrade_ and please change it back_ 
 i can't give wordreference one star, as i intended, because i'm so grateful for it and the website, however, i want this ad gone_ if you can do an actual upgrade to the ap, not just rearranging the menu and adding apps, i would even pay for it. 
 its good but the ads are frustrating and its more useful if all the words had antonyms and not just some, with that improvement it would be better. 
 now unusable, zoom is terrible, and if you try to use on landscape the bottom ad covers up so much you can't see what you need. 
 i don't like this new update because i can't see the whole translation in spanish. it gets cut off on the right. when i move the screen over to see the rest of the word it takes me to some other screen. when i hold my phone horizontally, the black bar and the ads take up almost all of the screen. i hate that black bar. any way to go back to the last version_ this one's awful. i'm on a samsung galaxy s iii. 
 i paid for freedom from ads, but they still pop up on every entry. what did i pay for_ and please include an option to fit to screen or maintain a larger text size. one has to enlarge every page. 
 i have bought the annual subscription but the applications still displays ads. please fix asap. 
 nor fancy nor full of annoying ads. clear and straightforward as it should be 
 i have learned so much spanish from using this app and this site and i don't mind the ads at all if that is what helps generate revenue to keep it going. thanks_ 
 this app used to be the best one_ a forum full of active people, accurate translations, etc. the new update included so many ads and commercial popup messages that made it impossible to use. uninstalled. 
 _update_ lowered rating to 2 stars due to the update.  the application is swarming with ads. uninstalling. 
 use of ads is causing loading issues when i am in an area of poor service, which is usually when i need it the most_ definite demotion. wish i could go back to the old version. i'll just uninstall it instead. thanks word reference_ i'll make sure to let all of my english students know about their other options as well_ 
 it used to be a great app. the new interface is still ugly, brings ads and disabled swipe typing. not good_ 
 ads hate you 
 a step forward regarding ui, but ads are not a nice feature. still waiting for the possibility to use the forum 
 the app was great but the ads very very big i would like the banner ads to be either smaller or gone 
 the core products of the dictionary _ forum services are still great, which persuaded me to pay for the 'pro' version, to so say reduce the quantity of ads. epic fail_ i absolutely swear that i have more ads than previously_ at times over half the screen is taken up with banners _ other assorted ads, and every time a new ad loads up, the phrase i am typing  'loses focus' in the search bar _ has to be re_entered. this is beyond frustrating word reference _, and seriously afects and delays my work_studies too_ please do not forget your core services of the _excellent_ dictionary _ forums. indeed these are one and only reason why we all use your app_web site _ continue to alienate your customers with this incessant bombardment of ads, and perhaps saddest of all, with this continually diminishing capacity of being the very dictionary that you profess to be _ and you will lose your customers_ 
 please stop making it lose focus, even while typing_ i am definitely sure it is related to the loading of ads_ common... i don't wanna use google translate but if i can search a word faster then i'll go for it. so frustrating. ads are really killing you app. 
 i paid the subscription, but today i was using the app and i received an ad _like an internet browser pop_up_ and was one of those that take the whole screen and one may hit enter_accept accidentally. please check this out. 
 si bien es un buen y completo traductor,  el dise_o descuidado y la presencia de ads perjudican el uso. 
 gteat app. but you destroy it by advertisements. now when i search a word gives me  advertisement . please keep your work cute and solve this problem .it worked well in the past what happened_ 
 it's working well but i hope there's something you could with all the ads popping on the screen. those ads are repetitive and very annoying. 
 but this app is full of ads and looks odd 
 ads saying i may have a virus. sad. 
 ads, ads and more ads... uninstaling 
 there is to many ads i can't even get to three jokes before an ad pops up 
 plz update this app were there are no ads and plz make the pics vids of the joke_ 
 impressively bad.  i've only seen 150 of the jokes, and already encountered dozens of repeats, some reworded slightly.  the ads are only slightly intrusive, so that's a plus.  a few jokes are genuinely entertaining, so the app doesn't make me cry tears of blood.  much better than being eaten alive by angry badgers. 
 it it the best way to see  naver webtoon_  good quality, fast loading.  but if i want to see the best challange webtoon, i got to install the naver app. i dont think it is the greatest way to advertise your other apps. 
